"And yet, I pray thee, O Job, Hear my speech and `to' all my words give ear."
"Lo, I pray thee, I have opened my mouth, My tongue hath spoken in the palate."
"Of the uprightness of my heart `are' my sayings, And knowledge have my lips clearly spoken."
"The Spirit of God hath made me, And the breath of the Mighty doth quicken me."
"If thou art able -- answer me, Set in array before me -- station thyself."
"Lo, I `am', according to thy word, for God, From the clay I -- I also, have been formed."
"Lo, my terror doth not frighten thee, And my burden on thee is not heavy."
"Surely -- thou hast said in mine ears, And the sounds of words I hear:"
"`Pure `am' I, without transgression, Innocent `am' I, and I have no iniquity."
"Lo, occasions against me He doth find, He doth reckon me for an enemy to Him,"
"He doth put in the stocks my feet, He doth watch all my paths.'"
"Lo, `in' this thou hast not been righteous, I answer thee, that greater is God than man."
"Wherefore against Him hast thou striven, When `for' all His matters He answereth not?"
"For once doth God speak, and twice, (He doth not behold it.)"
"In a dream -- a vision of night, In the falling of deep sleep on men, In slumberings on a bed."
"Then He uncovereth the ear of men, And for their instruction sealeth:"
"To turn aside man `from' doing, And pride from man He concealeth."
"He keepeth back his soul from corruption, And his life from passing away by a dart."
"And he hath been reproved With pain on his bed, And the strife of his bones  enduring."
"And his life hath nauseated bread, And his soul desirable food."
"His flesh is consumed from being seen, And high are his bones, they were not seen!"
"And draw near to the pit doth his soul, And his life to those causing death."
"If there is by him a messenger, An interpreter -- one of a thousand, To declare for man his uprightness:"
"Then He doth favour him and saith, `Ransom him from going down to the pit, I have found an atonement.'"
"Fresher  his flesh than a child's, He returneth to the days of his youth."
"He maketh supplication unto God, And He accepteth him. And he seeth His face with shouting, And He returneth to man His righteousness."
"He looketh on men, and saith, `I sinned, And uprightness I have perverted, And it hath not been profitable to me."
"He hath ransomed my soul From going over into the pit, And my life on the light looketh.'"
"Lo, all these doth God work, Twice -- thrice with man,"
"To bring back his soul from the pit, To be enlightened with the light of the living."
"Attend, O Job, hearken to me, Keep silent, and I -- I do speak."
"If there are words -- answer me, Speak, for I have a desire to justify thee."
"If there are not -- hearken thou to me, Keep silent, and I teach thee wisdom."
