"Also, at this my heart trembleth, And it moveth from its place."
"Hearken diligently to the trembling of His voice, Yea, the sound from His mouth goeth forth."
"Under the whole heavens He directeth it, And its light  over the skirts of the earth."
"After it roar doth a voice -- He thundereth with the voice of His excellency, And He doth not hold them back, When His voice is heard."
"God thundereth with His voice wonderfully, Doing great things and we know not."
"For to snow He saith, `Be `on' the earth.' And the small rain and great rain of His power."
"Into the hand of every man he sealeth, For the knowledge by all men of His work."
"And enter doth the beast into covert, And in its habitations it doth continue."
"From the inner chamber cometh a hurricane, And from scatterings winds -- cold,"
"From the breath of God is frost given, And the breadth of waters is straitened,"
"Yea, by filling He doth press out a cloud, Scatter a cloud doth His light."
"And it is turning itself round by His counsels, For their doing all He commandeth them, On the face of the habitable earth."
"Whether for a rod, or for His land, Or for kindness -- He doth cause it to come."
"Hear this, O Job, Stand and consider the wonders of God."
"Dost thou know when God doth place them, And caused to shine the light of His cloud?"
Dost thou know the balancings of a cloud? The wonders of the Perfect in knowledge?
"How thy garments `are' warm, In the quieting of the earth from the south?"
Thou hast made an expanse with Him For the clouds -- strong as a hard mirror!
"Let us know what we say to Him, We set not in array because of darkness."
"Is it declared to Him that I speak? If a man hath spoken, surely he is swallowed up."
"And now, they have not seen the light, Bright it  in the clouds, And the wind hath passed by and cleanseth them."
"From the golden north it cometh, Beside God  fearful honour."
"The Mighty! we have not found Him out, High in power and judgment, He doth not answer! And abundant in righteousness,"
"Therefore do men fear Him, He seeth not any of the wise of heart."
