"And the heads of the people dwell in Jerusalem, and the rest of the people have caused to fall lots to bring in one out of ten to dwell in Jerusalem the holy city, and nine parts in the cities,"
and the people give a blessing to all the men who are offering themselves willingly to dwell in Jerusalem.
"And these `are' heads of the province who have dwelt in Jerusalem, and in cities of Judah, they have dwelt each in his possession in their cities; Israel, the priests, and the Levites, and the Nethinim, and the sons of the servants of Solomon."
"And in Jerusalem have dwelt of the sons of Judah, and of the sons of Benjamin. Of the sons of Judah: Athaiah son of Uzziah, son of Zechariah, son of Amariah, son of Shephatiah, son of Mahalaleel, of the sons of Perez;"
"and Masseiah son of Baruch, son of Col-Hozeh, son of Hazaiah, son of Adaiah, son of Joiarib, son of Zechariah, son of Shiloni;"
"all the sons of Perez who are dwelling in Jerusalem `are' four hundred sixty and eight, men of valour."
"And these `are' sons of Benjamin: Sallu son of Meshullam, son of Joed, son of Pedaiah, son of Kolaiah, son of Maaseiah, son of Ithiel, son of Jesaiah;"
"and after him Gabbai, Sallai, nine hundred twenty and eight."
"And Joel son of Zichri  inspector over them, and Judah son of Senuah  over the city -- second."
"Of the priests: Jedaiah son of Joiarib, Jachin,"
"Seraiah son of Hilkiah, son of Meshullam, son of Zadok, son of Meraioth, son of Ahitub, leader of the house of God,"
"and their brethren doing the work of the house `are' eight hundred twenty and two; and Adaiah son of Jeroham, son of Pelaliah, son of Amzi, son of Zechariah, son of Pashhur, son of Malchiah,"
"and his brethren, heads of fathers, two hundred forty and two; and Amashsai son of Azareel, son of Ahazai, son of Meshillemoth, son of Immer,"
"and their brethren, mighty of valour, a hundred twenty and eight; and an inspector over them  Zabdiel, son of `one of' the great men."
"And of the Levites: Shemaiah son of Hashub, son of Azrikam, son of Hashabiah, son of Bunni,"
"and Shabbethai, and Jozabad, `are' over the outward work of the house of God, of the heads of the Levites,"
"and Mattaniah son of Micha, son of Zabdi, son of Asaph,  head -- at the commencement he giveth thanks in prayer; and Bakbukiah  second among his brethren, and Abda son of Shammua, son of Galal, son of Jeduthun."
"All the Levites, in the holy city, `are' two hundred eighty and four."
"And the gatekeepers, Akkub, Talmon, and their brethren, those watching at the gates, `are' a hundred seventy and two."
"And the rest of Israel, of the priests, of the Levites, `are' in all cities of Judah, each in his inheritance;"
"and the Nethinim are dwelling in Ophel, and Ziha and Gishpa `are' over the Nethinim."
"And the overseer of the Levites in Jerusalem  Uzzi son of Bani, son of Hashabiah, son of Mattaniah, son of Micha: of the sons of Asaph, the singers `are' over-against the work of the house of God,"
"for the command of the king  upon them, and support  for the singers, a matter of a day in its day."
"And Pethahiah son of Meshezabeel, of the sons of Zerah, son of Judah,  by the hand of the king, for every matter of the people."
"And at the villages with their fields, of the sons of Judah there have dwelt, in Kirjath-Arba and its small towns, and in Dibon and its small towns, and in Jekabzeel and its villages,"
"and in Jeshua, and in Moladah, and in Beth-Phelet,"
"and in Hazar-Shaul, and in Beer-Sheba and its small towns,"
"and in Ziklag, and in Mekonah and in its small towns,"
"and En-Rimmon, and in Zareah, and in Jarmuth,"
"Zanoah, Adullam, and their villages, Lachish and its fields, Azekah and its small towns; and they encamp from Beer-Sheba unto the valley of Hinnom."
"And sons of Benjamin `are' at Geba, Michmash, and Aija, and Beth-El, and its small towns,"
"Anathoth, Nob, Ananiah,"
"Hazor, Ramah, Gittaim,"
"Hadid, Zeboim, Neballat,"
"Lod, and Ono, the valley of the artificers."
"And of the Levites, the courses of Judah `are' for Benjamin."
