"And Rehoboam goeth to Shechem, for `to' Shechem have all Israel come to cause him to reign."
"And it cometh to pass, at Jeroboam son of Nebat's -- who  in Egypt because he hath fled from the face of Solomon the king -- hearing, that Jeroboam turneth back out of Egypt;"
"and they send and call for him, and Jeroboam cometh in, and all Israel, and speak unto Rehoboam, saying,"
"`Thy father made our yoke sharp, and now, make light `somewhat' of the sharp service of thy father, and of his heavy yoke that he put upon us, and we serve thee.'"
"And he saith unto them, `Yet three days -- then return ye unto me;' and the people go."
"And king Rehoboam consulteth with the aged men who have been standing before Solomon his father in his being alive, saying, `How are ye counselling to answer this people?'"
"And they speak unto him, saying, `If thou dost become good to this people, and hast been pleased with them, and spoken unto them good words, then they have been to thee servants all the days.'"
"And he forsaketh the counsel of the aged men that they counselled him, and consulteth with the lads who have grown up with him, those standing before him,"
"and he saith unto them, `What are ye counselling, and we answer this people that have spoken unto me, saying, Make light `somewhat' of the yoke that thy father put upon us?'"
"And the lads who have grown up with him, speak with him, saying, `Thus dost thou say to the people who have spoken unto thee, saying, Thy father made our yoke heavy, and thou, make light `somewhat' of our yoke; thus dost thou say unto them, My little finger is thicker than the loins of my father;"
"and now, my father laid on you a heavy yoke, and I -- I add unto your yoke; my father chastised you with whips, and I -- with scorpions.'"
"And Jeroboam cometh in, and all the people, unto Rehoboam on the third day, as the king spake, saying, `Return unto me on the third day.'"
"And the king answereth them sharply, and king Rehoboam forsaketh the counsel of the aged men,"
"and speaketh unto them according to the counsel of the lads, saying, `My father made your yoke heavy, and I -- I add unto it; my father chastised you with whips, and I -- with scorpions.'"
"And the king hath not hearkened unto the people, for the revolution hath been from God, for the sake of Yahweh's establishing His word that He spake by the hand of Abijah the Shilonite unto Jeroboam son of Nebat."
"And all Israel have seen that the king hath not hearkened to them, and the people send back `to' the king, saying, `What portion have we in David? yea, there is no inheritance in a son of Jesse; each to thy tents, O Israel; now, see thy house -- David,' and all Israel go to their tents."
As to the sons of Israel who are dwelling in the cities of Judah -- Rehoboam reigneth over them.
"And king Rehoboam sendeth Hadoram, who  over the tribute, and the sons of Israel cast at him stones, and he dieth; and king Rehoboam hath strengthened himself to go up into a chariot to flee to Jerusalem;"
and Israel transgress against the house of David unto this day.
