"And Jehoshaphat his son reigneth in his stead, and he strengtheneth himself against Israel,"
"and putteth a force in all the fenced cities of Judah, and putteth garrisons in the land of Judah, and in the cities of Ephraim that Asa his father had captured."
"And Yahweh is with Jehoshaphat, for he hath walked in the first ways of David his father, and hath not sought to Baalim,"
"for to the God of his father he hath sought, and in His commands he hath walked, and not according to the work of Israel."
"And Yahweh doth establish the kingdom in his hand, and all Judah give a present to Jehoshaphat, and he hath riches and honour in abundance,"
"and his heart is high in the ways of Yahweh, and again he hath turned aside the high places and the shrines out of Judah."
"And in the third year of his reign he hath sent for his heads, for Ben-Hail, and for Obadiah, and for Zechariah, and for Nethaneel, and for Michaiah, to teach in cities of Judah,"
"and with them the Levites, Shemaiah, and Nethaniah, and Zebadiah, and Asahel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehonathan, and Adonijah, and Tobijath, and Tob-Adonijah, the Levites; and with them Elishama and Jehoram, the priests."
"And they teach in Judah, and with them  the Book of the Law of Yahweh, and they go round about into all cities of Judah, and teach among the people."
"And here is a fear of Yahweh on all kingdoms of the lands that `are' round about Judah, and they have not fought with Jehoshaphat;"
"and of the Philistines they are bringing in to Jehoshaphat a present, and tribute silver; also, the Arabians are bringing to him a flock, rams seven thousand an seven hundred, and he-goats seven thousand and seven hundred."
"And Jehoshaphat is going on and becoming very great, and he buildeth in Judah palaces and cities of store,"
"and he hath much work in cities of Judah; and men of war, mighty of valour, `are' in Jerusalem."
"And these `are' their numbers, for the house of their fathers: Of Judah, heads of thousands, Adnah the head, and with him mighty ones of valour, three hundred chiefs."
"And at his hand  Jehohanan the head, and with him two hundred and eighty chiefs."
"And at his hand  Amasiah son of Zichri, who is willingly offering himself to Yahweh, and with him two hundred chiefs, mighty of valour."
"And of Benjamin: mighty of valour, Eliada, and with him, armed with bow and shield, two hundred chiefs."
"And at his hand  Jehozabad, and with him a hundred and eighty chiefs, armed ones of the host."
"These `are' those serving the king, apart from those whom the king put in the cities of fortress, in all Judah."
