"And it cometh to pass after this, the sons of Moab have come in, and the sons of Ammon, and with them of the peoples, against Jehoshaphat to battle."
"And they come in and declare to Jehoshaphat, saying, `Come against thee hath a great multitude from beyond the sea, from Aram, and lo, they `are' in Hazezon-Tamar -- it  En-Gedi.'"
"And Jehoshaphat feareth, and setteth his face to seek to Yahweh, and proclaimeth a fast over all Judah;"
"and Judah is gathered to inquire of Yahweh; also, from all the cities of Judah they have come in to seek Yahweh."
"And Jehoshaphat standeth in the assembly of Judah and Jerusalem, in the house of Yahweh, at the front of the new court,"
"and saith, `O Yahweh, God of our fathers, art not Thou -- God in the heavens? yea, Thou art ruling over all kingdoms of the nations, and in Thy hand  power and might, and there is none with Thee to station himself."
"`Art not Thou our God? Thou hast dispossessed the inhabitants of this land from before Thy people Israel, and dost give it to the seed of Abraham Thy friend to the age,"
"and they dwell in it, and build to Thee in it a sanctuary for Thy name, saying,"
"If evil doth come upon us -- sword, judgment, and pestilence, and famine -- we stand before this house, and before Thee, for Thy name  in this house, and cry unto Thee out of our distress, and Thou dost hear and save."
"`And now, lo, sons of Ammon, and Moab, and mount Seir, whom Thou didst not grant to Israel to go in against in their coming out of the land of Egypt, for they turned aside from off them and destroyed them not,"
"and lo, they are recompensing to us -- to come in to drive us out of Thy possession, that Thou hast caused us to possess."
"`O our God, dost Thou not execute judgment upon them? for there is no power in us before this great multitude that hath come against us, and we know not what we do, but on Thee `are' our eyes.'"
"And all Judah are standing before Yahweh, also their infants, their wives, and their sons."
"And upon Jahaziel, son of Zechariah, son of Benaiah, son of Jeiel, son of Mattaniah, the Levite, of the sons of Asaph, hath the Spirit of Yahweh been, in the midst of the assembly,"
"and he saith, `Attend, all Judah, and ye inhabitants of Jerusalem, and O king Jehoshaphat, Thus said Yahweh to you, Ye fear not, nor are afraid of the face of this great multitude, for not for you  the battle, but for God."
"To-morrow, go ye down against them, lo, they are coming up by the ascent of Ziz, and ye have found them in the end of the valley, the front of the wilderness of Jeruel."
"Not for you to fight in this; station yourselves, stand, and see the salvation of Yahweh with you, O Judah and Jerusalem -- be not afraid nor fear ye -- to-morrow go out before them, and Yahweh  with you.'"
"And Jehoshaphat boweth -- face to the earth -- and all Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem have fallen before Yahweh, to bow themselves to Yahweh."
"And the Levites, of the sons of the Kohathites, and of the sons of the Korhites, rise to give praise to Yahweh, God of Israel, with a loud voice on high."
"And they rise early in the morning, and go out to the wilderness of Tekoa, and in their going out Jehoshaphat hath stood and saith, `Hear me, O Judah, and inhabitants of Jerusalem, remain stedfast in Yahweh your God, and be stedfast; remain stedfast in His prophets, and prosper.'"
"And he taketh counsel with the people, and appointeth singers to Yahweh, and those giving praise to the honour of holiness, in the going out before the armed `men', and saying, `Give ye thanks to Yahweh, for to the age  His kindness.'"
"And at the time they have begun with singing and praise, Yahweh hath put ambushments against the sons of Ammon, Moab, and mount Seir, who are coming in to Judah, and they are smitten,"
"and the sons of Ammon stand up, and Moab, against the inhabitants of mount Seir, to devote and to destroy, and at their finishing with the inhabitants of Seir, they helped, a man against his neighbour, to destroy."
"And Judah hath come in unto the watch-tower, to the wilderness, and they look unto the multitude, and lo, they `are' carcases fallen to the earth, and there is none escaped,"
"and Jehoshaphat cometh in, and his people, to seize their spoil, and they find among them, in abundance, both goods and carcases, and desirable vessels, and they take spoil to themselves without prohibition, and they are three days seizing the spoil, for it  abundant."
"And on the fourth day they have been assembled at the valley of Blessing, for there they blessed Yahweh: therefore they have called the name of that place, `Valley of Blessing,' unto this day."
"And they turn back, every man of Judah and Jerusalem, and Jehoshaphat at their head, to go back unto Jerusalem with joy, for Yahweh hath made them rejoice over their enemies."
"And they come in to Jerusalem with psalteries, and with harps, and with trumpets, unto the house of Yahweh."
"And there is a fear of God on all kingdoms of the lands in their hearing that Yahweh hath fought with the enemies of Israel,"
"and the kingdom of Jehoshaphat is quiet, and his God giveth rest to him round about."
"And Jehoshaphat reigneth over Judah, a son of thirty and five years in his reigning, and twenty and five years he hath reigned in Jerusalem, and the name of his mother  Azubah daughter of Shilhi."
"And he walketh in the way of his father Asa, and hath not turned aside from it, to do that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh."
"Only, the high places have not turned aside, and still the people have not prepared their heart for the God of their fathers."
"And the rest of the matters of Jehoshaphat, the first and the last, lo, they are written among the matters of Jehu son of Hanani, who hath been mentioned on the book of the kings of Israel."
"And after this hath Jehoshaphat king of Judah joined himself with Ahaziah king of Israel, (he did wickedly in `so' doing),"
"and he joineth him with himself to make ships to go to Tarshish, and they make ships in Ezion-Geber,"
"and prophesy doth Eliezer son of Dodavah, of Mareshah, against Jehoshaphat, saying, `For thy joining thyself with Ahaziah, Yahweh hath broken up thy works;' and the ships are broken, and have not retained `power' to go unto Tarshish."
