"And the feast of the unleavened food was coming nigh, that is called Passover,"
"and the chief priests and the scribes were seeking how they may take him up, for they were afraid of the people."
"And the Adversary entered into Judas, who is surnamed Iscariot, being of the number of the twelve,"
"and he, having gone away, spake with the chief priests and the magistrates, how he might deliver him up to them,"
"and they rejoiced, and covenanted to give him money,"
"and he agreed, and was seeking a favourable season to deliver him up to them without tumult."
"And the day of the unleavened food came, in which it was behoving the passover to be sacrificed,"
"and he sent Peter and John, saying, `Having gone on, prepare to us the passover, that we may eat;'"
"and they said to him, `Where wilt thou that we might prepare?'"
"And he said to them, `Lo, in your entering into the city, there shall meet you a man, bearing a pitcher of water, follow him to the house where he doth go in,"
"and ye shall say to the master of the house, The Teacher saith to thee, Where is the guest-chamber where the passover with my disciples I may eat?"
"and he shall show you a large upper room furnished, there make ready;'"
"and they, having gone away, found as he hath said to them, and they made ready the passover."
"And when the hour come, he reclined (at meat), and the twelve apostles with him,"
"and he said unto them, `With desire I did desire to eat this passover with you before my suffering,"
"for I say to you, that no more may I eat of it till it may be fulfilled in the reign of God.'"
"And having taken a cup, having given thanks, he said, `Take this and divide to yourselves,"
for I say to you that I may not drink of the produce of the vine till the reign of God may come.'
"And having taken bread, having given thanks, he brake and gave to them, saying, `This is my body, that for you is being given, this do ye -- to remembrance of me.'"
"In like manner, also, the cup after the supping, saying, `This cup  the new covenant in my blood, that for you is being poured forth."
"`But, lo, the hand of him delivering me up  with me on the table,"
and indeed the Son of Man doth go according to what hath been determined; but wo to that man through whom he is being delivered up.'
"And they began to reason among themselves, who then of them it may be, who is about to do this thing."
And there happened also a strife among them -- who of them is accounted to be greater.
"And he said to them, `The kings of the nations do exercise lordship over them, and those exercising authority upon them are called benefactors;"
"but ye `are' not so, but he who is greater among you -- let him be as the younger; and he who is leading, as he who is ministering;"
"for who is greater? he who is reclining (at meat), or he who is ministering? is it not he who is reclining (at meat)? and I -- I am in your midst as he who is ministering."
"`And ye -- ye are those who have remained with me in my temptations,"
"and I appoint to you, as my Father did appoint to me, a kingdom,"
"that ye may eat and may drink at my table, in my kingdom, and may sit on thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel.'"
"And the Lord said, `Simon, Simon, lo, the Adversary did ask you for himself to sift as the wheat,"
"and I besought for thee, that thy faith may not fail; and thou, when thou didst turn, strengthen thy brethren.'"
"And he said to him, `Sir, with thee I am ready both to prison and to death to go;'"
"and he said, `I say to thee, Peter, a cock shall not crow to-day, before thrice thou mayest disown knowing me.'"
"And he said to them, `When I sent you without bag, and scrip, and sandals, did ye lack anything?' and they said, `Nothing.'"
"Then said he to them, `But, now, he who is having a bag, let him take `it' up, and in like manner also a scrip; and he who is not having, let him sell his garment, and buy a sword,"
"for I say to you, that yet this that hath been written it behoveth to be fulfilled in me: And with lawless ones he was reckoned, for also the things concerning me have an end.'"
"And they said, `Sir, lo, here `are' two swords;' and he said to them, `It is sufficient.'"
"And having gone forth, he went on, according to custom, to the mount of the Olives, and his disciples also followed him,"
"and having come to the place, he said to them, `Pray ye not to enter into temptation.'"
"And he was withdrawn from them, as it were a stone's cast, and having fallen on the knees he was praying,"
"saying, `Father, if Thou be counselling to make this cup pass from me --; but, not my will, but Thine be done.' --"
And there appeared to him a messenger from heaven strengthening him;
"and having been in agony, he was more earnestly praying, and his sweat became, as it were, great drops of blood falling upon the ground."
"And having risen up from the prayer, having come unto the disciples, he found them sleeping from the sorrow,"
"and he said to them, `Why do ye sleep? having risen, pray that ye may not enter into temptation.'"
"And while he is speaking, lo, a multitude, and he who is called Judas, one of the twelve, was coming before them, and he came nigh to Jesus to kiss him,"
"and Jesus said to him, `Judas, with a kiss the Son of Man dost thou deliver up?'"
"And those about him, having seen what was about to be, said to him, `Sir, shall we smite with a sword?'"
"And a certain one of them smote the servant of the chief priest, and took off his right ear,"
"and Jesus answering said, `Suffer ye thus far,' and having touched his ear, he healed him."
"And Jesus said to those having come upon him -- chief priests, and magistrates of the temple, and elders -- `As upon a robber have ye come forth, with swords and sticks?"
"while daily I was with you in the temple, ye did stretch forth no hands against me; but this is your hour and the power of the darkness.'"
"And having taken him, they led and brought him to the house of the chief priest. And Peter was following afar off,"
"and they having kindled a fire in the midst of the court, and having sat down together, Peter was sitting in the midst of them,"
"and a certain maid having seen him sitting at the light, and having earnestly looked at him, she said, `And this one was with him!'"
"and he disowned him, saying, `Woman, I have not known him.'"
"And after a little, another having seen him, said, `And thou art of them!' and Peter said, `Man, I am not.'"
"And one hour, as it were, having intervened, a certain other was confidently affirming, saying, `Of a truth this one also was with him, for he is also a Galilean;'"
"and Peter said, `Man, I have not known what thou sayest;' and presently, while he is speaking, a cock crew."
"And the Lord having turned did look on Peter, and Peter remembered the word of the Lord, how he said to him -- `Before a cock shall crow, thou mayest disown me thrice;'"
"and Peter having gone without, wept bitterly."
"And the men who were holding Jesus were mocking him, beating `him';"
"and having blindfolded him, they were striking him on the face, and were questioning him, saying, `Prophesy who he is who smote thee?'"
"and many other things, speaking evilly, they spake in regard to him."
"And when it became day there was gathered together the eldership of the people, chief priests also, and scribes, and they led him up to their own sanhedrim,"
"saying, `If thou be the Christ, tell us.' And he said to them, `If I may tell you, ye will not believe;"
"and if I also question `you', ye will not answer me or send me away;"
"henceforth, there shall be the Son of Man sitting on the right hand of the power of God.'"
"And they all said, `Thou, then, art the Son of God?' and he said unto them, `Ye say `it', because I am;'"
"and they said, `What need yet have we of testimony? for we ourselves did hear `it' from his mouth.'"
