"And on the first of the sabbaths, at early dawn, they came to the tomb, bearing the spices they made ready, and certain `others' with them,"
"and they found the stone having been rolled away from the tomb,"
"and having gone in, they found not the body of the Lord Jesus."
"And it came to pass, while they are perplexed about this, that lo, two men stood by them in glittering apparel,"
"and on their having become afraid, and having inclined the face to the earth, they said to them, `Why do ye seek the living with the dead?"
"he is not here, but was raised; remember how he spake to you, being yet in Galilee,"
"saying -- It behoveth the Son of Man to be delivered up to the hands of sinful men, and to be crucified, and the third day to rise again.'"
"And they remembered his sayings,"
"and having turned back from the tomb told all these things to the eleven, and to all the rest."
"And it was the Magdalene Mary, and Joanna, and Mary of James, and the other women with them, who told unto the apostles these things,"
"and their sayings appeared before them as idle talk, and they were not believing them."
"And Peter having risen, did run to the tomb, and having stooped down he seeth the linen clothes lying alone, and he went away to his own home, wondering at that which was come to pass."
"And, lo, two of them were going on during that day to a village, distant sixty furlongs from Jerusalem, the name of which  Emmaus,"
and they were conversing with one another about all these things that have happened.
"And it came to pass in their conversing and reasoning together, that Jesus himself, having come nigh, was going on with them,"
"and their eyes were holden so as not to know him,"
"and he said unto them, `What `are' these words that ye exchange with one another, walking, and ye are sad?'"
"And the one, whose name was Cleopas, answering, said unto him, `Art thou alone such a stranger in Jerusalem, that thou hast not known the things that came to pass in it in these days?'"
"And he said to them, `What things?' And they said to him, `The things about Jesus of Nazareth, who became a man -- a prophet -- powerful in deed and word, before God and all the people,"
"how also the chief priests and our rulers did deliver him up to a judgment of death, and crucified him;"
"and we were hoping that he it is who is about to redeem Israel, and also with all these things, this third day is passing to-day, since these things happened."
"`And certain women of ours also astonished us, coming early to the tomb,"
"and not having found his body, they came, saying also to have seen an apparition of messengers, who say he is alive,"
"and certain of those with us went away unto the tomb, and found as even the women said, and him they saw not.'"
"And he said unto them, `O inconsiderate and slow in heart, to believe on all that the prophets spake!"
"Was it not behoving the Christ these things to suffer, and to enter into his glory?'"
"and having begun from Moses, and from all the prophets, he was expounding to them in all the Writings the things about himself."
"And they came nigh to the village whither they were going, and he made an appearance of going on further,"
"and they constrained him, saying, `Remain with us, for it is toward evening,' and the day did decline, and he went in to remain with them."
"And it came to pass, in his reclining (at meat) with them, having taken the bread, he blessed, and having broken, he was giving to them,"
"and their eyes were opened, and they recognized him, and he became unseen by them."
"And they said one to another, `Was not our heart burning within us, as he was speaking to us in the way, and as he was opening up to us the Writings?'"
"And they, having risen up the same hour, turned back to Jerusalem, and found gathered together the eleven, and those with them,"
"saying -- `The Lord was raised indeed, and was seen by Simon;'"
"and they were telling the things in the way, and how he was made known to them in the breaking of the bread,"
"and as they are speaking these things, Jesus himself stood in the midst of them, and saith to them, `Peace -- to you;'"
"and being amazed, and becoming affrighted, they were thinking themselves to see a spirit."
"And he said to them, `Why are ye troubled? and wherefore do reasonings come up in your hearts?"
"see my hands and my feet, that I am he; handle me and see, because a spirit hath not flesh and bones, as ye see me having.'"
"And having said this, he shewed to them the hands and the feet,"
"and while they are not believing from the joy, and wondering, he said to them, `Have ye anything here to eat?'"
"and they gave to him part of a broiled fish, and of an honeycomb,"
"and having taken, he did eat before them,"
"and he said to them, `These `are' the words that I spake unto you, being yet with you, that it behoveth to be fulfilled all the things that are written in the Law of Moses, and the Prophets, and the Psalms, about me.'"
"Then opened he up their understanding to understand the Writings,"
"and he said to them -- `Thus it hath been written, and thus it was behoving the Christ to suffer, and to rise out of the dead the third day,"
"and reformation and remission of sins to be proclaimed in his name to all the nations, beginning from Jerusalem:"
and ye -- ye are witnesses of these things.
"`And, lo, I do send the promise of my Father upon you, but ye -- abide ye in the city of Jerusalem till ye be clothed with power from on high.'"
"And he led them forth without -- unto Bethany, and having lifted up his hands he did bless them,"
"and it came to pass, in his blessing them, he was parted from them, and was borne up to the heaven;"
"and they, having bowed before him, did turn back to Jerusalem with great joy,"
"and were continually in the temple, praising and blessing God. Amen."
