"And Yahweh saith unto Samuel, `Till when art thou mourning for Saul, and I have rejected him from reigning over Israel? fill thy horn with oil, and go, I send thee unto Jesse the Beth-Lehemite, for I have seen among his sons for Myself a king."
"And Samuel saith, `How do I go? when Saul hath heard, then he hath slain me.' And Yahweh saith, `A heifer of the herd thou dost take in thy hand, and hast said, To sacrifice to Yahweh I have come;"
"and thou hast called for Jesse in the sacrifice, and I cause thee to know that which thou dost do, and thou hast anointed to Me him of whom I speak unto thee.'"
"And Samuel doth that which Yahweh hath spoken, and cometh in to Beth-Lehem, and the elders of the city tremble to meet him, and `one' saith, `Is thy coming peace?'"
"and he saith, `Peace; to sacrifice to Yahweh I have come, sanctify yourselves, and ye have come in with me to the sacrifice;' and he sanctifieth Jesse and his sons, and calleth them to the sacrifice."
"And it cometh to pass, in their coming in, that he seeth Eliab, and saith, `Surely, before Yahweh  His anointed.'"
"And Yahweh saith unto Samuel, `Look not unto his appearance, and unto the height of his stature, for I have rejected him; for `it is' not as man seeth -- for man looketh at the eyes, and Yahweh looketh at the heart.'"
"And Jesse calleth unto Abinadab, and causeth him to pass by before Samuel; and he saith, `Also on this Yahweh hath not fixed.'"
"And Jesse causeth Shammah to pass by, and he saith, `Also on this Yahweh hath not fixed.'"
"And Jesse causeth seven of his sons to pass by before Samuel, and Samuel saith to Jesse, `Yahweh hath not fixed on these.'"
"And Samuel saith unto Jesse, `Are the young men finished?' and he saith, `Yet hath been left the youngest; and lo, he delighteth himself among the flock;' and Samuel saith unto Jesse, `Send and take him, for we do not turn round till his coming in hither.'"
"And he sendeth, and bringeth him in, and he  ruddy, with beauty of eyes, and of good appearance; and Yahweh saith, `Rise, anoint him, for this  he.'"
"And Samuel taketh the horn of oil, and anointeth him in the midst of his brethren, and prosper over David doth the Spirit of Yahweh from that day and onwards; and Samuel riseth and goeth to Ramath."
"And the Spirit of Yahweh turned aside from Saul, and a spirit of sadness from Yahweh terrified him;"
"and the servants of Saul say unto him, `Lo, we pray thee, a spirit of sadness `from' God is terrifying thee;"
"let our lord command, we pray thee, thy servants before thee, they seek a skilful man, playing on a harp, and it hath come to pass, in the spirit of sadness `from' God being upon thee, that he hath played with his hand, and `it is' well with thee.'"
"And Saul saith unto his servants, `Provide, I pray you, for me a man playing well -- then ye have brought `him' in unto me.'"
"And one of the servants answereth and saith, `Lo, I have seen a son of Jesse the Beth-Lehemite, skilful in playing, and a mighty virtuous man, and a man of battle, and intelligent in word, and a man of form, and Yahweh  with him.'"
"And Saul sendeth messengers unto Jesse, and saith, `Send unto me David thy son, who  with the flock.'"
"And Jesse taketh an ass, `with' bread, and a bottle of wine, and one kid of the goats, and sendeth by the hand of David his son unto Saul."
"And David cometh in unto Saul, and standeth before him, and he loveth him greatly; and he is a bearer of his weapons."
"And Saul sendeth unto Jesse, saying, `Let David, I pray thee, stand before me, for he hath found grace in mine eyes.'"
"And it hath come to pass, in the spirit of `sadness from' God being on Saul, that David hath taken the harp, and played with his hand, and Saul hath refreshment and gladness, and the spirit of sadness hath turned aside from off him."
