"And concerning the collection that for the holy-ones, as I directed to the assemblies of Galatia, so also ye -- do ye;"
"on every first `day' of the week, let each one of you lay by him, treasuring up whatever he may have prospered, that when I may come then collections may not be made;"
"and whenever I may come, whomsoever ye may approve, through letters, these I will send to carry your favour to Jerusalem;"
"and if it be meet for me also to go, with me they shall go."
"And I will come unto you, when I pass through Macedonia -- for Macedonia I do pass through --"
"and with you, it may be, I will abide, or even winter, that ye may send me forward whithersoever I go,"
"for I do not wish to see you now in the passing, but I hope to remain a certain time with you, if the Lord may permit;"
"and I will remain in Ephesus till the Pentecost,"
for a door to me hath been opened -- great and effectual -- and withstanders `are' many.
"And if Timotheus may come, see that he may become without fear with you, for the work of the Lord he doth work, even as I,"
"no one, then, may despise him; and send ye him forward in peace, that he may come to me, for I expect him with the brethren;"
"and concerning Apollos our brother, much I did entreat him that he may come unto you with the brethren, and it was not at all `his' will that he may come now, and he will come when he may find convenient."
"Watch ye, stand in the faith; be men, be strong;"
let all your things be done in love.
"And I entreat you, brethren, ye have known the household of Stephanas, that it is the 'aparxy of Achaia, and to the ministration to the holy-ones they did set themselves --"
"that ye also be subject to such, and to every one who is working with `us' and labouring;"
"and I rejoice over the presence of Stephanas, and Fortunatus, and Achaicus, because the lack of you did these fill up;"
"for they did refresh my spirit and yours; acknowledge ye, therefore, those who `are' such."
"Salute you do the assemblies of Asia; salute you much in the Lord do Aquilas and Priscilla, with the assembly in their house;"
salute you do all the brethren; salute ye one another in an holy kiss.
The salutation of `me' Paul with my hand;
if any one doth not love the Lord Jesus Christ -- let him be anathema! The Lord hath come!
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ  with you;
my love  with you all in Christ Jesus. Amen.
