"At that time, an affirmation of Yahweh, They bring the bones of the kings of Judah, And the bones of its princes, And the bones of the priests, And the bones of the prophets, And the bones of inhabitants of Jerusalem, Out of their graves,"
"And have spread them to sun, and to moon, And to all the host of the heavens, that they have loved, And that they have served, And that they have walked after, And that they have sought, And to which they have bowed themselves, They are not gathered, nor buried, They are for dung on the face of the ground."
"And chosen is death rather than life By all the remnant who are left of this evil family, In all the remaining places, whither I have driven them, An affirmation of Yahweh of Hosts."
"And thou hast said unto them: Thus said Yahweh, Do they fall, and not rise? Doth he turn back, and not return?"
"Wherefore hath this people of Jerusalem Turned back -- a perpetual backsliding? They have kept hold on deceit, They have refused to turn back."
"I have given attention, yea, I hearken, They do not speak right, No man hath repented of his wickedness, Saying, What have I done? Every one hath turned to his courses, As a horse is rushing into battle."
"Even a stork in the heavens hath known her seasons, And turtle, and swallow, and crane, Have watched the time of their coming, And -- My people have not known the judgment of Yahweh."
"How do ye say, We `are' wise, And the law of Yahweh  with us? Surely, lo, falsely it hath wrought, The false pen of scribes."
"Ashamed have been the wise, They have been affrighted, and are captured, Lo, against a word of Yahweh they kicked, And the wisdom of what -- have they?"
"Therefore, I give their wives to others, Their fields to dispossessors, For from the least even unto the greatest, Every one is gaining dishonest gain, From prophet even unto priest, every one is dealing falsely."
"And they heal the breach of the daughter of my people slightly, Saying, Peace, peace! and there is no peace."
"They were ashamed when they did abomination! Yea, they are not at all ashamed, And blushing they have not known, Therefore, they do fall among falling ones, In the time of their inspection they stumble, said Yahweh."
"I utterly consume them, an affirmation of Yahweh, There are no grapes in the vine, Yea, there are no figs in the fig-tree, And the leaf hath faded, And the strength they have passeth from them."
"Wherefore are we sitting still? Be gathered, and we go in to the fenced cities, And we are silent there, For Yahweh our God hath made us silent, Yea, He causeth us to drink water of gall, For we have sinned against Yahweh."
"Looking for peace -- and there is no good, For a time of healing, and lo, terror."
"From Dan hath been heard the snorting of his horses, From the voice of the neighings of his mighty ones, Trembled hath all the land, And they come in and consume the land and its fulness, The city and the inhabitants in it."
"For, lo, I am sending among you serpents, Vipers that have no charmer, And they have bitten you, an affirmation of Yahweh."
"My refreshing for me  sorrow, For me my heart  sick."
"Lo, the voice of a cry of the daughter of my people from a land afar off, Is Yahweh not in Zion? is her king not in her? Wherefore have they provoked Me with their graven images, With the vanities of a foreigner?"
"Harvest hath passed, summer hath ended, And we -- we have not been saved."
"For a breach of the daughter of my people have I been broken, I have been black, astonishment hath seized me."
Is there no balm in Gilead? Is there no physician there? For wherefore hath not the health of the daughter of my people gone up?
