"And Samuel saith unto all Israel, `Lo, I have hearkened to your voice, to all that ye said to me, and I cause to reign over you a king,"
"and now, lo, the king is walking habitually before you, and I have become aged and gray-headed, and my sons, lo, they `are' with you, and I have walked habitually before you from my youth till this day."
"`Lo, here `am' I; testify against me, over-against Yahweh, and over-against His anointed; whose ox have I taken, and whose ass have I taken, and whom have I oppressed; whom have I bruised, and of whose hand have I taken a ransom, and hide mine eyes with it? -- and I restore to you.'"
"And they say, `Thou hast not oppressed us, nor hast thou crushed us, nor hast thou taken from the hand of any one anything.'"
"And he saith unto them, `A witness  Yahweh against you: and a witness  His anointed this day, that ye have not found anything in my hand;' and they say, `A witness.'"
"And Samuel saith unto the people, `Yahweh -- He who made Moses and Aaron, and who brought up your fathers out of the land of Egypt!"
"and, now, station yourselves, and I judge you before Yahweh, with all the righteous acts of Yahweh, which He did with you, and with your fathers."
"`When Jacob hath come in to Egypt, and your fathers cry unto Yahweh, then Yahweh sendeth Moses and Aaron, and they bring out your fathers from Egypt, and cause them to dwell in this place,"
"and they forget Yahweh their God, and He selleth them into the hand of Sisera, head of the host of Hazor, and into the hand of the Philistines, and into the hand of the king of Moab, and they fight against them,"
"and they cry unto Yahweh, and say, We have sinned, because we have forsaken Yahweh, and serve the Baalim, and Ashtaroth, and now, deliver us out of the hand of our enemies, and we serve Thee."
"`And Yahweh sendeth Jerubbaal, and Bedan, and Jephthah, and Samuel, and delivereth you out of the hand of your enemies round about, and ye dwell confidently."
"`And ye see that Nahash king of the Bene-Ammon hath come against you, and ye say to me, Nay, but a king doth reign over us; and Yahweh your God  your king!"
"And, now, lo, the king whom ye have chosen -- whom ye have asked! and lo, Yahweh hath placed over you a king."
"`If ye fear Yahweh, and have served Him, and hearkened to His voice, then ye do not provoke the mouth of Yahweh, and ye have been -- both ye and the king who hath reigned over you -- after Yahweh your God."
"`And if ye do not hearken to the voice of Yahweh -- then ye have provoked the mouth of Yahweh, and the hand of Yahweh hath been against you, and against your fathers."
"`Also now, station yourselves and see this great thing which Yahweh is doing before your eyes;"
"is it not wheat-harvest to-day? I call unto Yahweh, and He doth give voices and rain; and know ye and see that your evil is great which ye have done in the eyes of Yahweh, to ask for you a king.'"
"And Samuel calleth unto Yahweh, and Yahweh giveth voices and rain, on that day, and all the people greatly fear Yahweh and Samuel;"
"and all the people say unto Samuel, `Pray for thy servants unto Yahweh thy God, and we do not die, for we have added to all our sins evil to ask for us a king.'"
"And Samuel saith unto the people, `Fear not; ye have done all this evil; only, turn not aside from after Yahweh -- and ye have served Yahweh with all your heart,"
"and ye do not turn aside after the vain things which do not profit nor deliver, for they `are' vain,"
"for Yahweh doth not leave His people, on account of His great name; for Yahweh hath been pleased to make you to Him for a people."
"`I, also, far be it from me to sin against Yahweh, by ceasing to pray for you, and I have directed you in the good and upright way;"
"only, fear ye Yahweh, and ye have served Him in truth with all your heart, for see that which He hath made great with you;"
"and if ye really do evil, both ye and your king are consumed.'"
