"And the youth Samuel is serving Yahweh before Eli, and the word of Yahweh hath been precious in those days -- there is no vision broken forth."
"And it cometh to pass, at that time, that Eli is lying down in his place, and his eyes have begun to be dim -- he is not able to see."
"And the lamp of God is not yet quenched, and Samuel is lying down in the temple of Yahweh, where the ark of God ,"
"and Yahweh calleth unto Samuel, and he saith, `Here `am' I.'"
"And he runneth unto Eli, and saith, `Here `am' I, for thou hast called for me;' and he saith, `I called not; turn back, lie down;' and he goeth and lieth down."
"And Yahweh addeth to call again Samuel, and Samuel riseth and goeth unto Eli, and saith, `Here `am' I, for thou hast called for me;' and he saith, `I have not called, my son, turn back, lie down.'"
"And Samuel hath not yet known Yahweh, and the word of Yahweh is not yet revealed unto him."
"And Yahweh addeth to call Samuel the third time, and he riseth and goeth unto Eli, and saith, `Here `am' I, for thou hast called for me;' and Eli understandeth that Yahweh is calling to the youth."
"And Eli saith to Samuel, `Go, lie down, and it hath been, if He doth call unto thee, that thou hast said, Speak, Yahweh, for Thy servant is hearing;' and Samuel goeth and lieth down in his place."
"And Yahweh cometh, and stationeth Himself, and calleth as time by time, `Samuel, Samuel;' and Samuel saith, `Speak, for Thy servant if hearing.'"
"And Yahweh saith unto Samuel, `Lo, I am doing a thing in Israel, at which the two ears of every one hearing it do tingle."
"In that day I establish unto Eli all that I have spoken unto his house, beginning and completing;"
"and I have declared to him that I am judging his house -- to the age, for the iniquity which he hath known, for his sons are making themselves vile, and he hath not restrained them,"
"and therefore I have sworn to the house of Eli: the iniquity of the house of Eli is not atoned for, by sacrifice, and by offering -- unto the age.'"
"And Samuel lieth till the morning, and openeth the doors of the house of Yahweh, and Samuel is afraid of declaring the vision unto Eli."
"And Eli calleth Samuel, and saith, `Samuel, my son;' and he saith, `Here `am' I.'"
"And he saith, `What  the word which He hath spoken unto thee? I pray thee, hide it not from me; so doth God do to thee, and so doth He add, if thou hidest from me a word of all the words that He hath spoken unto thee.'"
"And Samuel declareth to him the whole of the words, and hath not hid from him; and he saith, `It  Yahweh; that which is good in His eyes He doth.'"
"And Samuel groweth up, and Yahweh hath been with him, and hath not let fall any of his words to the earth;"
"and all Israel know, from Dan even unto Beer-Sheba, that Samuel is established for a prophet to Yahweh."
"And Yahweh addeth to appear in Shiloh, for Yahweh hath been revealed unto Samuel, in Shiloh, by the word of Yahweh."
