"And there is a word of Yahweh unto me, saying,"
"`Son of man, prophesy concerning the prophets of Israel who are prophesying, and thou hast said to those prophesying from their own heart: Hear ye a word of Yahweh:"
"Thus said the Lord Yahweh: Wo unto the prophets who are foolish, Who are going after their own spirit, And they have seen nothing."
"As foxes in the wastes, Thy prophets, O Israel, have been."
"Ye have not gone up into breaches, Nor do ye make a fence for the house of Israel, To stand in battle in a day of Yahweh."
"They have seen vanity, and lying divination, Who are saying: An affirmation of Yahweh, And Yahweh hath not sent them, And they have hoped to establish a word."
"A vain vision have ye not seen, And a lying divination spoken, When ye say: An affirmation of Yahweh, And I have not spoken?"
"Therefore, thus said the Lord Yahweh: Because ye have spoken vanity, and seen a lie, Therefore, lo, I `am' against you, An affirmation of the Lord Yahweh."
"And My hand hath been on the prophets, Who are seeing vanity, and who are divining a lie, In the assembly of My people they are not, And in the writing of the house of Israel they are not written, And unto the ground of Israel they come not, And ye have known that I `am' the Lord Yahweh."
"Because, even because, they did cause My people to err, Saying, Peace! and there is no peace, And that one is building a wall, And lo, they are daubing it with chalk."
"Say to those daubing with chalk -- It falleth, There hath been an overflowing shower, And ye, O hailstones, do fall, And a tempestuous wind doth rend,"
"And lo, fallen hath the wall! Doth not one say unto you, Where  the daubing that ye daubed?"
"Therefore, thus said the Lord Yahweh: I have rent with a tempestuous wind in My fury, And an overflowing shower is in Mine anger, And hailstones in My fury -- to consume."
"And I have broken down the wall that ye daubed with chalk, And have caused it to come unto the earth, And revealed hath been its foundation, And it hath fallen, And ye have been consumed in its midst, And ye have known that I `am' Yahweh."
"And I have completed My wrath on the wall, And on those daubing it with chalk, And I say to you: The wall is not, And those daubing it are not;"
"The prophets of Israel who are prophesying concerning Jerusalem, And who are seeing for her a vision of peace, And there is no peace, An affirmation of the Lord Yahweh."
"And thou, son of man, set thy face against the daughters of thy people, who are prophesying out of their own heart, and prophesy concerning them,"
"And thou hast said: Thus said the Lord Yahweh: Wo to those sowing pillows for all joints of the arm, And to those making the kerchiefs For the head of every stature -- to hunt souls, The souls do ye hunt of My people? And the souls ye have do ye keep alive?"
"Yea, ye pierce Me concerning My people, For handfuls of barley, And for pieces of bread, to put to death Souls that should not die, And to keep alive souls that should not live, By your lying to My people -- hearkening to lies."
"Therefore, thus said the Lord Yahweh: Lo, I `am' against your pillows, With which ye are hunting there the souls of the flourishing, And I have rent them from off your arms, And have sent away the souls that ye are hunting, The souls of the flourishing."
"And I have torn your kerchiefs, And delivered My people out of your hand, And they are no more in your hand for a prey, And ye have known that I `am' Yahweh."
"Because of paining the heart of the righteous with falsehood, And I have not pained it, And strengthening the hands of the wicked, So as not to turn back from his evil way, To keep him alive,"
"Therefore, vanity ye do not see, And divination ye do not divine again, And I have delivered My people out of your hand, And ye have known that I `am' Yahweh!'"
