"And there is a word of Yahweh unto me, saying:"
"`Son of man, say to the leader of Tyre: Thus said the Lord Yahweh: Because thy heart hath been high, And thou dost say: A god I `am', The habitation of God I have inhabited, In the heart of the seas, And thou `art' man, and not God, And thou givest out thy heart as the heart of God,"
"Lo, thou `art' wiser than Daniel, No hidden thing have they concealed from thee."
"By thy wisdom and by thine understanding Thou hast made for thee wealth, And makest gold and silver in thy treasuries."
"By the abundance of thy wisdom, Through thy merchandise, Thou hast multiplied thy wealth, And high is thy heart through thy wealth."
"Therefore, thus said the Lord Yahweh: Because of thy giving out thy heart as the heart of God,"
"Therefore, lo, I am bringing in against thee strangers, The terrible of the nations, And they have drawn out their swords Against the beauty of thy wisdom, And they have pierced thy brightness."
"To destruction they bring thee down, Thou diest by the deaths of the wounded, in the heart of the seas."
"Dost thou really say, `I `am' God,' Before him who is slaying thee? And thou `art' man, and not God, In the hand of him who is piercing thee."
"The deaths of the uncircumcised thou diest, By the hand of strangers, for I have spoken, An affirmation of the Lord Yahweh.'"
"And there is a word of Yahweh unto me, saying:"
"`Son of man, lift up a lamentation for the king of Tyre, And thou hast said to him: Thus said the Lord Yahweh: Thou art sealing up a measurement, Full of wisdom, and perfect in beauty."
"In Eden, the garden of God, thou hast been, Every precious stone thy covering, Ruby, topaz, and diamond, beryl, onyx, and jasper, Sapphire, emerald, and carbuncle, and gold, The workmanship of thy tabrets, and of thy pipes, In thee in the day of thy being produced, have been prepared."
"Thou `art' an anointed cherub who is covering, And I have set thee in the holy mount, God thou hast been, In the midst of stones of fire thou hast walked up and down."
"Perfect `art' thou in thy ways, From the day of thy being produced, Till perversity hath been found in thee."
"By the abundance of thy merchandise They have filled thy midst with violence, And thou dost sin, And I thrust thee from the mount of God, And I destroy thee, O covering cherub, From the midst of the stones of fire."
"High hath been thy heart, because of thy beauty, Thou hast corrupted thy wisdom because of thy brightness, On the earth I have cast thee, Before kings I have set thee, to look on thee,"
"From the abundance of thy iniquity, By the perversity of thy traffic, Thou hast polluted thy sanctuaries, And I bring forth fire from thy midst, It hath devoured thee, And I make thee become ashes on the earth, Before the eyes of all beholding thee."
"All knowing thee among the peoples Have been astonished at thee, Wastes thou hast been, and thou art not -- to the age.'"
"And there is a word of Yahweh unto me, saying,"
"`Son of man, set thy face unto Zidon, and prophesy concerning it;"
"and thou hast said: Thus said the Lord Yahweh: Lo, I `am' against thee, O Zidon, And I have been honoured in thy midst, And they have known that I `am' Yahweh, In My doing in her judgments, And I have been sanctified in her."
"And I have sent into her pestilence, And blood into her out-places, The wounded hath been judged in her midst, By the sword upon her round about, And they have known that I `am' Yahweh."
"And there is no more to the house of Israel A pricking brier, and paining thorn, Of all round about them -- despising them, And they have known that I `am' the Lord Yahweh."
"Thus said the Lord Yahweh: In My gathering the house of Israel, Out of the peoples among whom they were scattered, I have been sanctified in them, Before the eyes of the nations, And they have dwelt on their ground, That I gave to My servant, to Jacob,"
"And they have dwelt on it confidently, And builded houses, and planted vineyards, And dwelt confidently -- in My doing judgments, On all those despising them round about, And they have known that I, Yahweh, `am' their God!'"
