"And the lot for the tribe of the sons of Judah, for their families, is unto the border of Edom; the wilderness of Zin southward, at the extremity of the south;"
"and to them the south border is at the extremity of the salt sea, from the bay which is looking southward;"
"and it hath gone out unto the south to Maaleh-Akrabbim, and passed over to Zin, and gone up on the south to Kadesh-Barnea, and passed over `to' Hezron, and gone up to Adar, and turned round to Karkaa,"
"and passed over `to' Azmon, and gone out `at' the brook of Egypt, and the outgoings of the border have been at the sea; this is to you the south border."
"And the east border  the salt sea, unto the extremity of the Jordan, and the border at the north quarter  from the bay of the sea, at the extremity of the Jordan;"
"and the border hath gone up `to' Beth-Hoglah, and passed over on the north of Beth-Arabah, and the border hath gone up `to' the stone of Bohan son of Reuben:"
"and the border hath gone up towards Debir from the valley of Achor, and northward looking unto Gilgal, which  over-against the ascent of Adummim, which  on the south of the brook, and the border hath passed over unto the waters of En-Shemesh, and its outgoings have been unto En-Rogel;"
"and the border hath gone up the valley of the son of Hinnom, unto the side of the Jebusite on the south (it  Jerusalem), and the border hath gone up unto the top of the hill-country which  on the front of the valley of Hinnom westward, which  in the extremity of the valley of the Rephaim northward;"
"and the border hath been marked out, from the top of the hill-country unto the fountain of the waters of Nephtoah, and hath gone out unto the cities of mount Ephron, and the border hath been marked out `to' Baalah, (it  Kirjath-Jearim);"
"and the border hath gone round from Baalah westward, unto mount Seir, and passed over unto the side of mount Jearim (it  Chesalon), on the north, and gone down `to' Beth-Shemesh, and passed over to Timnah;"
"and the border hath gone out unto the side of Ekron northward, and the border hath been marked out `to' Shicron, and hath passed over to mount Baalah, and gone out `to' Jabneel; and the outgoings of the border have been at the sea."
"And the west border  to the great sea, and `its' border; this  the border of the sons of Judah round about for their families."
"And to Caleb son of Jephunneh hath he given a portion in the midst of the sons of Judah, according to the command of Yahweh to Joshua, `even' the city of Arba, father of Anak -- it  Hebron."
"And Caleb is dispossessing thence the three sons of Anak, Sheshai, and Ahiman, and Talmai, children of Anak,"
and he goeth up thence unto the inhabitants of Debir; and the name of Debir formerly is Kirjath-Sepher.
"And Caleb saith, `He who smiteth Kirjath-Sephar, and hath captured it -- I have given to him Achsah my daughter for a wife.'"
"And Othniel son of Kenaz, brother of Caleb, doth capture it, and he giveth to him Achsah his daughter for a wife."
"And it cometh to pass, in her coming in, that she persuadeth him to ask from her father a field, and she lighteth from off the ass, and Caleb saith to her, `What -- to thee?'"
"And she saith, `Give to me a blessing; when the land of the south thou hast given me, then thou hast given to me springs of waters;' and he giveth to her the upper springs and the lower springs."
"This  the inheritance of the tribe of the sons of Judah, for their families."
"And the cities at the extremity of the tribe of the sons of Judah are unto the border of Edom in the south, Kabzeel, and Eder, and Jagur,"
"and Kinah, and Dimonah, and Adadah,"
"and Kedesh, and Hazor, and Ithnan,"
"Ziph, and Telem, and Bealoth,"
"and Hazor, Hadattah, and Kerioth, Hezron, (it  Hazor,)"
"Amam, and Shema, and Moladah,"
"and Hazar-Gaddah, and Heshmon, and Beth-Palet,"
"and Hazar-Shual, and Beer-Sheba, and Bizjothjah,"
"Baalah, and Iim, and Azem,"
"And Eltolad, and Chesil, and Hormah,"
"and Ziklag, and Madmannah, and Sansannah,"
"and Lebaoth, and Shilhim, and Ain, and Rimmon; all the cities `are' twenty and nine, and their villages."
"In the low country: Eshtaol, and Zoreah, and Ashnah,"
"and Zanoah, and En-Gannim, Tappuah, and Enam,"
"Jarmuth, and Adullam, Socoh, and Azekah,"
"and Sharaim, and Adithaim, and Gederah, and Gederothaim; fourteen cities and their villages."
"Zenan, and Hadashah, and Migdal-Gad,"
"and Dilean, and Mizpeh, and Joktheel,"
"Lachish, and Bozkath, and Eglon,"
"and Cabbon, and Lahmam, and Kithlish,"
"and Gederoth, Beth-Dagon, and Naamah, and Makkedah; sixteen cities and their villages."
"Libnah, and Ether, and Ashan,"
"and Jiphtah, and Ashnah, and Nezib,"
"and Keilah, and Achzib, and Mareshah; nine cities and their villages."
"Ekron and its towns and its villages,"
"from Ekron and westward, all that `are' by the side of Ashdod, and their villages."
"Ashdod, its towns and its villages, Gaza, its towns and its villages, unto the brook of Egypt, and the great sea, and `its' border."
"And in the hill-country: Shamir, and Jattir, and Socoh,"
"and Dannah, and Kirjath-Sannah (it  Debir)"
"and Anab, and Eshtemoh, and Anim,"
"and Goshen, and Holon, and Giloh; eleven cities and their villages."
"Arab, and Dumah, and Eshean,"
"and Janum, and Beth-Tappuah, and Aphekah,"
"and Humtah, and Kirjath-Arba (it  Hebron), and Zior; nine cities and their villages."
"Maon, Carmel, and Ziph, and Juttah,"
"and Jezreel, and Jokdeam, and Zanoah,"
"Cain, Gibeah, and Timnah; ten cities and their villages."
"Halhul, Beth-Zur, and Gedor,"
"and Maarath, and Beth-Anoth, and Eltekon; six cities and their villages."
"Kirjath-Baal (it  Kirjath-Jearim), and Rabbah; two cities and their villages."
"In the wilderness: Beth-Arabah, Middin, and Secacah,"
"and Nibshan, and the city of Salt, and En-Gedi; six cities and their villages."
"As to the Jebusites, inhabitants of Jerusalem, the sons of Judah have not been able to dispossess them, and the Jebusite dwelleth with the sons of Judah in Jerusalem unto this day."
