"And the lot is for the tribe of Manasseh (for he  first-born of Joseph), for Machir first-born of Manasseh, father of Gilead, for he hath been a man of war, and his are Gilead and Bashan."
"And there is for the sons of Manasseh who are left, for their families; for the sons of Abiezer, and for the sons of Helek, and for the sons of Asriel, and for the sons of Shechem, and for the sons of Hepher, and for the sons of Shemida; these `are' the children of Manasseh son of Joseph -- the males -- by their families."
"As to Zelophehad, son of Hepher, son of Gilead, son of Machir, son of Manasseh, he hath no children except daughters, and these `are' the names of his daughters: Mahlah, and Noah, Hoglah, Milcah, and Tirzah,"
"and they draw near before Eleazar the priest, and before Joshua son of Nun, and before the princes, saying, `Yahweh commanded Moses to give to us an inheritance in the midst of our brethren;' and he giveth to them, at the command of Yahweh, an inheritance in the midst of the brethren of their father."
"And ten portions fall `to' Manasseh, apart from the land of Gilead and Bashan, which `are' beyond the Jordan;"
"for the daughters of Manasseh have inherited an inheritance in the midst of his sons, and the land of Gilead hath been to the sons of Manasseh who are left."
"And the border of Manasseh is from Asher to Michmethah, which  on the front of Shechem, and the border hath gone on unto the right, unto the inhabitants of En-Tappuah."
"To Manasseh hath been the land of Tappuah, and Tappuah unto the border of Manasseh is to the sons of Ephraim."
"And the border hath come down `to' the brook of Kanah, southward of the brook; these cities of Ephraim `are' in the midst of the cities of Manasseh, and the border of Manasseh  on the north of the brook, and its outgoings are at the sea."
"Southward  to Ephraim and northward to Manasseh, and the sea is his border, and in Asher they meet on the north, and in Issachar on the east."
"And Manasseh hath in Issachar and in Asher, Beth-Shean and its towns, and Ibleam and its towns, and the inhabitants of Dor and its towns, and the inhabitants of En-Dor and its towns, and the inhabitants of Taanach and its towns, and the inhabitants of Megiddo and its towns, three counties."
"And the sons of Manasseh have not been able to occupy these cities, and the Canaanite is desirous to dwell in this land,"
"and it cometh to pass when the sons of Israel have been strong, that they put the Canaanite to tribute, and have not utterly dispossessed him."
"And the sons of Joseph speak with Joshua, saying, `Wherefore hast thou given to me an inheritance -- one lot and one portion, and I a numerous people? hitherto hath Yahweh blessed me.'"
"And Joshua saith unto them, `If thou `art' a numerous people, go up for thee to the forest, then thou hast prepared for thee there, in the land of the Perizzite, and of the Rephaim, when mount Ephraim hath been narrow for thee.'"
"And the sons of Joseph say, `The hill is not found to us, and a chariot of iron  with every Canaanite who is dwelling in the land of the valley -- to him who  in Beth-Shean and its towns, and to him who  in the valley of Jezreel.'"
"And Joshua speaketh unto the house of Joseph, to Ephraim and to Manasseh, saying, `Thou `art' a numerous people, and hast great power; thou hast not one lot `only',"
"because the mountain is thine; because it  a forest -- thou hast prepared it, and its outgoings have been thine; because thou dost dispossess the Canaanite, though it hath chariots of iron -- though it  strong.'"
