"And the sabbath having past, Mary the Magdalene, and Mary of James, and Salome, bought spices, that having come, they may anoint him,"
"and early in the morning of the first of the sabbaths, they come unto the sepulchre, at the rising of the sun,"
"and they said among themselves, `Who shall roll away for us the stone out of the door of the sepulchre?'"
"And having looked, they see that the stone hath been rolled away -- for it was very great,"
"and having entered into the sepulchre, they saw a young man sitting on the right hand, arrayed in a long white robe, and they were amazed."
"And he saith to them, `Be not amazed, ye seek Jesus the Nazarene, the crucified: he did rise -- he is not here; lo, the place where they laid him!"
"and go, say to his disciples, and Peter, that he doth go before you to Galilee; there ye shall see him, as he said to you.'"
"And, having come forth quickly, they fled from the sepulchre, and trembling and amazement had seized them, and to no one said they anything, for they were afraid."
"And he, having risen in the morning of the first of the sabbaths, did appear first to Mary the Magdalene, out of whom he had cast seven demons;"
"she having gone, told those who had been with him, mourning and weeping;"
"and they, having heard that he is alive, and was seen by her, did not believe."
"And after these things, to two of them, as they are going into a field, walking, he was manifested in another form,"
"and they having gone, told to the rest; not even them did they believe."
"Afterwards, as they are reclining (at meat), he was manifested to the eleven, and did reproach their unbelief and stiffness of heart, because they believed not those having seen him being raised;"
"and he said to them, `Having gone to all the world, proclaim the good news to all the creation;"
"he who hath believed, and hath been baptized, shall be saved; and he who hath not believed, shall be condemned."
`And signs shall accompany those believing these things; in my name demons they shall cast out; with new tongues they shall speak;
"serpents they shall take up; and if any deadly thing they may drink, it shall not hurt them; on the ailing they shall lay hands, and they shall be well.'"
"The Lord, then, indeed, after speaking to them, was received up to the heaven, and sat on the right hand of God;"
"and they, having gone forth, did preach everywhere, the Lord working with `them', and confirming the word, through the signs following. Amen."
