"Of man `are' arrangements of the heart, And from Yahweh an answer of the tongue."
"All the ways of a man are pure in his own eyes, And Yahweh is pondering the spirits."
"Roll unto Yahweh thy works, And established are thy purposes,"
"All things hath Yahweh wrought for Himself, And also the wicked `worketh' for a day of evil."
"An abomination to Yahweh  every proud one of heart, Hand to hand he is not acquitted."
"In kindness and truth pardoned is iniquity, And in the fear of Yahweh Turn thou aside from evil."
"When a man's ways please Yahweh, even his enemies, He causeth to be at peace with him."
"Better  a little with righteousness, Than abundance of increase without justice."
"The heart of man deviseth his way, And Yahweh establisheth his step."
"An oath  on the lips of a king, In judgment his mouth trespasseth not."
"A just beam and balances `are' Yahweh's, His work `are' all the stones of the bag."
"An abomination to kings  doing wickedness, For by righteousness is a throne established."
"The delight of kings `are' righteous lips, And whoso is speaking uprightly he loveth,"
"The fury of a king  messengers of death, And a wise man pacifieth it."
"In the light of a king's face  life, And his good-will  as a cloud of the latter rain."
"To get wisdom -- how much better than gold, And to get understanding to be chosen than silver!"
"A highway of the upright , `Turn from evil,' Whoso is preserving his soul is watching his way."
"Before destruction  pride, And before stumbling -- a haughty spirit.'"
"Better is humility of spirit with the poor, Than to apportion spoil with the proud."
"The wise in any matter findeth good, And whoso is trusting in Yahweh, O his happiness."
"To the wise in heart is called, `Intelligent,' And sweetness of lips increaseth learning."
"A fountain of life  understanding to its possessors, The instruction of fools is folly."
"The heart of the wise causeth his mouth to act wisely, And by his lips he increaseth learning,"
"Sayings of pleasantness `are' a honeycomb, Sweet to the soul, and healing to the bone."
"There is a way right before a man, And its latter end -- ways of death."
"A labouring man hath laboured for himself, For his mouth hath caused `him' to bend over it."
"A worthless man is preparing evil, And on his lips -- as a burning fire."
"A froward man sendeth forth contention, A tale-bearer is separating a familiar friend."
"A violent man enticeth his neighbour, And hath causeth him to go in a way not good."
"Consulting his eyes to devise froward things, Moving his lips he hath accomplished evil."
"A crown of beauty `are' grey hairs, In the way of righteousness it is found."
"Better  the slow to anger than the mighty, And the ruler over his spirit than he who is taking a city."
"Into the centre is the lot cast, And from Yahweh  all its judgment!"
