"Better  a dry morsel, and rest with it, Than a house full of the sacrifices of strife."
"A wise servant ruleth over a son causing shame, And in the midst of brethren He apportioneth an inheritance."
"A refining pot  for silver, and a furnace for gold, And the trier of hearts  Yahweh."
"An evil doer is attentive to lips of vanity, Falsehood is giving ear to a mischievous tongue."
"Whoso is mocking at the poor Hath reproached his Maker, Whoso is rejoicing at calamity is not acquitted."
"Sons' sons `are' the crown of old men, And the glory of sons `are' their fathers."
"Not comely for a fool is a lip of excellency, Much less for a noble a lip of falsehood."
"A stone of grace  the bribe in the eyes of its possessors, Whithersoever it turneth, it prospereth."
"Whoso is covering transgression is seeking love, And whoso is repeating a matter Is separating a familiar friend."
Rebuke cometh down on the intelligent More than a hundred stripes on a fool.
"An evil man seeketh only rebellion, And a fierce messenger is sent against him."
"The meeting of a bereaved bear by a man, And -- not a fool in his folly."
"Whoso is returning evil for good, Evil moveth not from his house."
"Letting out of waters - RA$'+ of strife, And before it is meddled with leave the strife."
"Whoso is justifying the wicked, And condemning the righteous, Even both of these `are' an abomination to Yahweh."
"Why  this -- a price in the hand of a fool to buy wisdom, And a heart there is none?"
"At all times is the friend loving, And a brother for adversity is born."
"A man lacking heart is striking hands, A surety he becometh before his friend."
"Whoso is loving transgression is loving debate, Whoso is making high his entrance is seeking destruction."
"The perverse of heart findeth not good, And the turned in his tongue falleth into evil."
"Whoso is begetting a fool hath affliction for it, Yea, the father of a fool rejoiceth not."
"A rejoicing heart doth good to the body, And a smitten spirit drieth the bone."
"A bribe from the bosom the wicked taketh, To turn aside the paths of judgment."
"The face of the intelligent  to wisdom, And the eyes of a fool -- at the end of the earth."
"A provocation to his father  a foolish son, And bitterness to her that bare him."
"Also, to fine the righteous is not good, To smite nobles for uprightness."
"One acquainted with knowledge is sparing his words, And the cool of temper  a man of understanding."
"Even a fool keeping silence is reckoned wise, He who is shutting his lips intelligent!"
