"For `an object of' desire he who is separated doth seek, With all wisdom he intermeddleth."
"A fool delighteth not in understanding, But -- in uncovering his heart."
"With the coming of the wicked come also hath contempt, And with shame -- reproach."
"Deep waters `are' the words of a man's mouth, The fountain of wisdom  a flowing brook."
"Acceptance of the face of the wicked  not good, To turn aside the righteous in judgment."
"The lips of a fool enter into strife, And his mouth for stripes calleth."
"The mouth of a fool  ruin to him, And his lips `are' the snare of his soul."
"The words of a tale-bearer `are' as self-inflicted wounds, And they have gone down `to' the inner parts of the heart."
"He also that is remiss in his work, A brother he  to a destroyer."
"A tower of strength  the name of Yahweh, Into it the righteous runneth, and is set on high."
"The wealth of the rich  the city of his strength, And as a wall set on high in his own imagination."
"Before destruction the heart of man is high, And before honour  humility."
"Whoso is answering a matter before he heareth, Folly it is to him and shame."
"The spirit of a man sustaineth his sickness, And a smitten spirit who doth bear?"
"The heart of the intelligent getteth knowledge, And the ear of the wise seeketh knowledge."
"The gift of a man maketh room for him, And before the great it leadeth him."
"Righteous  the first in his own cause, His neighbour cometh and hath searched him."
"The lot causeth contentions to cease, And between the mighty it separateth."
"A brother transgressed against is as a strong city, And contentions as the bar of a palace."
"From the fruit of a man's mouth is his belly satisfied, `From the' increase of his lips he is satisfied."
"Death and life `are' in the power of the tongue, And those loving it eat its fruit."
"`Whoso' hath found a wife hath found good, And bringeth out good-will from Yahweh."
"`With' supplications doth the poor speak, And the rich answereth fierce things."
"A man with friends  to show himself friendly, And there is a lover adhering more than a brother!"
