"Better  the poor walking in his integrity, Than the perverse `in' his lips, who  a fool."
"Also, without knowledge the soul  not good, And the hasty in feet is sinning."
"The folly of man perverteth his way, And against Yahweh is his heart wroth."
"Wealth addeth many friends, And the poor from his neighbour is separated."
"A false witness is not acquitted, Whoso breatheth out lies is not delivered."
"Many entreat the face of the noble, And all have made friendship to a man of gifts."
"All the brethren of the poor have hated him, Surely also his friends have been far from him, He is pursuing words -- they are not!"
"Whoso is getting heart is loving his soul, He is keeping understanding to find good."
"A false witness is not acquitted, And whoso breatheth out lies perisheth."
"Luxury is not comely for a fool, Much less for a servant to rule among princes."
"The wisdom of a man hath deferred his anger, And his glory  to pass over transgression."
"The wrath of a king  a growl as of a young lion, And as dew on the herb his good-will."
"A calamity to his father  a foolish son, And the contentions of a wife `are' a continual dropping."
"House and wealth `are' the inheritance of fathers, And from Yahweh  an understanding wife."
"Sloth causeth deep sleep to fall, And an indolent soul doth hunger."
"Whoso is keeping the command is keeping his soul, Whoso is despising His ways dieth."
"Whoso is lending `to' Yahweh is favouring the poor, And his deed He repayeth to him."
"Chastise thy son, for there is hope, And to put him to death lift not up thy soul."
"A man of great wrath is bearing punishment, For, if thou dost deliver, yet again thou dost add."
"Hear counsel and receive instruction, So that thou art wise in thy latter end."
"Many `are' the purposes in a man's heart, And the counsel of Yahweh it standeth."
"The desirableness of a man  his kindness, And better  the poor than a liar."
"The fear of Yahweh  to life, And satisfied he remaineth -- he is not charged with evil."
"The slothful hath hidden his hand in a dish, Even unto his mouth he bringeth it not back."
"A scorner smite, and the simple acts prudently, And give reproof to the intelligent, He understandeth knowledge."
"Whoso is spoiling a father causeth a mother to flee, A son causing shame, and bringing confusion."
"Cease, my son, to hear instruction -- To err from sayings of knowledge."
"A worthless witness scorneth judgment, And the mouth of the wicked swalloweth iniquity."
"Judgments have been prepared for scorners, And stripes for the back of fools!"
