"Wine  a scorner -- strong drink  noisy, And any going astray in it is not wise."
"The fear of a king  a growl as of a young lion, He who is causing him to be wroth is wronging his soul."
"An honour to a man is cessation from strife, And every fool intermeddleth."
"Because of winter the slothful plougheth not, He asketh in harvest, and there is nothing."
"Counsel in the heart of a man  deep water, And a man of understanding draweth it up."
"A multitude of men proclaim each his kindness, And a man of stedfastness who doth find?"
"The righteous is walking habitually in his integrity, O the happiness of his sons after him!"
"A king sitting on a throne of judgment, Is scattering with his eyes all evil,"
"Who saith, `I have purified my heart, I have been cleansed from my sin?'"
"A stone and a stone, an ephah and an ephah, Even both of them `are' an abomination to Yahweh."
"Even by his actions a youth maketh himself known, Whether his work be pure or upright."
"A hearing ear, and a seeing eye, Yahweh hath made even both of them."
"Love not sleep, lest thou become poor, Open thine eyes -- be satisfied `with' bread."
"`Bad, bad,' saith the buyer, And going his way then he boasteth himself."
"Substance, gold, and a multitude of rubies, Yea, a precious vessel, `are' lips of knowledge."
"Take his garment when a stranger hath been surety, And for strangers pledge it."
"Sweet to a man  the bread of falsehood, And afterwards is his mouth filled `with' gravel."
"Purposes by counsel thou dost establish, And with plans make thou war."
"A revealer of secret counsels is the busybody, And for a deceiver `with' his lips make not thyself surety."
"Whoso is vilifying his father and his mother, Extinguished is his lamp in blackness of darkness."
"An inheritance gotten wrongly at first, Even its latter end is not blessed."
"Do not say, `I recompense evil,' Wait for Yahweh, and He delivereth thee."
"An abomination to Yahweh `are' a stone and a stone, And balances of deceit `are' not good."
"From Yahweh `are' the steps of a man, And man -- how understandeth he his way?"
"A snare to a man  he hath swallowed a holy thing, And after vows to make inquiry."
"A wise king is scattering the wicked, And turneth back on them the wheel."
"The lamp of Yahweh is the spirit of man, Searching all the inner parts of the heart."
"Kindness and truth keep a king, And he hath supported by kindness his throne."
"The beauty of young men is their strength, And the honour of old men is grey hairs."
"The bandages of a wound thou removest with the evil, Also the plagues of the inner parts of the heart!"
