"A name is chosen rather than much wealth, Than silver and than gold -- good grace."
"Rich and poor have met together, The Maker of them all  Yahweh."
"The prudent hath seen the evil, and is hidden, And the simple have passed on, and are punished."
"The end of humility  the fear of Yahweh, Riches, and honour, and life."
"Thorns -- snares `are' in the way of the perverse, Whoso is keeping his soul is far from them."
"Give instruction to a youth about his way, Even when he is old he turneth not from it."
"The rich over the poor ruleth, And a servant  the borrower to the lender."
"Whoso is sowing perverseness reapeth sorrow, And the rod of his anger weareth out."
"The good of eye -- he is blessed, For he hath given of his bread to the poor."
"Cast out a scorner -- and contention goeth out, And strife and shame cease."
"Whoso is loving cleanness of heart, Grace `are' his lips, a king  his friend."
"The eyes of Yahweh have kept knowledge, And He overthroweth the words of the treacherous."
"The slothful hath said, `A lion  without, In the midst of the broad places I am slain.'"
"A deep pit  the mouth of strange women, The abhorred of Yahweh falleth there."
"Folly is bound up in the heart of a youth, The rod of chastisement putteth it far from him."
"He is oppressing the poor to multiply to him, He is giving to the rich -- only to want."
"Incline thine ear, and hear words of the wise, And thy heart set to my knowledge,"
"For they are pleasant when thou dost keep them in thy heart, They are prepared together for thy lips."
"That thy trust may be in Yahweh, I caused thee to know to-day, even thou."
Have I not written to thee three times With counsels and knowledge?
"To cause thee to know the certainty of sayings of truth, To return sayings of truth to those sending thee."
"Rob not the poor because he  poor, And bruise not the afflicted in the gate."
"For Yahweh pleadeth their cause, And hath spoiled the soul of their spoilers."
"Shew not thyself friendly with an angry man, And with a man of fury go not in,"
"Lest thou learn his paths, And have received a snare to thy soul."
"Be not thou among those striking hands, Among sureties `for' burdens."
"If thou hast nothing to pay, Why doth he take thy bed from under thee?"
"Remove not a border of olden times, That thy fathers have made."
"Hast thou seen a man speedy in his business? Before kings he doth station himself, He stations not himself before obscure men!"
