"Words of a Gatherer, son of an obedient one, the declaration, an affirmation of the man: -- I have wearied myself `for' God, I have wearied myself `for' God, and am consumed."
"For I am more brutish than any one, And have not the understanding of a man."
"Nor have I learned wisdom, Yet the knowledge of Holy Ones I know."
"Who went up to heaven, and cometh down? Who hath gathered the wind in his fists? Who hath bound waters in a garment? Who established all ends of the earth? What  His name? and what His son's name? Surely thou knowest!"
"Every saying of God  tried, A shield He  to those trusting in Him."
"Add not to His words, lest He reason with thee, And thou hast been found false."
"Two things I have asked from Thee, Withhold not from me before I die."
"Vanity and a lying word put far from me, Poverty or wealth give not to me, Cause me to eat the bread of my portion,"
"Lest I become satiated, and have denied, And have said, `Who  Yahweh?' And lest I be poor, and have stolen, And have laid hold of the name of my God."
"Accuse not a servant unto his lord, Lest he disesteem thee, and thou be found guilty."
"A generation , that lightly esteemeth their father, And their mother doth not bless."
"A generation -- pure in their own eyes, But from their own filth not washed."
"A generation -- how high are their eyes, Yea, their eyelids are lifted up."
"A generation -- swords `are' their teeth, And knives -- their jaw-teeth, To consume the poor from earth, And the needy from `among' men."
"To the leech `are' two daughters, `Give, give, Lo, three things are not satisfied, Four have not said `Sufficiency;'"
"Sheol, and a restrained womb, Earth -- it  not satisfied `with' water, And fire -- it hath not said, `Sufficiency,'"
"An eye that mocketh at a father, And despiseth to obey a mother, Dig it out do ravens of the valley, And eat it do young eagles."
"Three things have been too wonderful for me, Yea, four that I have not known:"
"The way of the eagle in the heavens, The way of a serpent on a rock, The way of a ship in the heart of the sea, And the way of a man in youth."
"So -- the way of an adulterous woman, She hath eaten and hath wiped her mouth, And hath said, `I have not done iniquity.'"
"For three things hath earth been troubled, And for four -- it is not able to bear:"
"For a servant when he reigneth, And a fool when he is satisfied with bread,"
"For a hated one when she ruleth, And a maid-servant when she succeedeth her mistress."
"Four `are' little ones of earth, And they are made wiser than the wise:"
"The ants `are' a people not strong, And they prepare in summer their food,"
"Conies `are' a people not strong, And they place in a rock their house,"
"A king there is not to the locust, And it goeth out -- each one shouting,"
"A spider with two hands taketh hold, And is in the palaces of a king."
"Three there are going well, Yea, four are good in going:"
"An old lion -- mighty among beasts, That turneth not back from the face of any,"
"A girt one of the loins, or a he-goat, And a king -- no rising up with him."
"If thou hast been foolish in lifting up thyself, And if thou hast devised evil -- hand to mouth!"
"For the churning of milk bringeth out butter, And the wringing of the nose bringeth out blood, And the forcing of anger bringeth out strife!"
