Doth not wisdom call? And understanding give forth her voice?
"At the head of high places by the way, Between the paths she hath stood,"
"At the side of the gates, at the mouth of the city, The entrance of the openings, she crieth aloud,"
"`Unto you, O men, I call, And my voice  unto the sons of men."
"Understand, ye simple ones, prudence, And ye fools, understand the heart,"
"Hearken, for noble things I speak, And the opening of my lips  uprightness."
"For truth doth my mouth utter, And an abomination to my lips  wickedness."
"In righteousness `are' all the sayings of my mouth, Nothing in them is froward and perverse."
"All of them `are' plain to the intelligent, And upright to those finding knowledge."
"Receive my instruction, and not silver, And knowledge rather than choice gold."
"For better  wisdom than rubies, Yea, all delights are not comparable with it."
"I, wisdom, have dwelt with prudence, And a knowledge of devices I find out."
"The fear of Yahweh  to hate evil; Pride, and arrogance, and an evil way, And a froward mouth, I have hated."
"Mine  counsel and substance, I `am' understanding, I have might."
"By me kings reign, and princes decree righteousness,"
"By me do chiefs rule, and nobles, All judges of the earth."
"I love those loving me, And those seeking me earnestly do find me."
"Wealth and honour `are' with me, Lasting substance and righteousness."
"Better  my fruit than gold, even fine gold, And mine increase than choice silver."
"In a path of righteousness I cause to walk, In midst of paths of judgment,"
"To cause my lovers to inherit substance, Yea, their treasures I fill."
"Yahweh possessed me -- RA$'+ of His way, Before His works since then."
"From the age I was anointed, from the first, From former states of the earth."
"In there being no depths, I was brought forth, In there being no fountains heavy `with' waters,"
"Before mountains were sunk, Before heights, I was brought forth."
"While He had not made the earth, and out-places, And the top of the dusts of the world."
"In His preparing the heavens I `am' there, In His decreeing a circle on the face of the deep,"
"In His strengthening clouds above, In His making strong fountains of the deep,"
"In His setting for the sea its limit, And the waters transgress not His command, In His decreeing the foundations of earth,"
"Then I am near Him, a workman, And I am a delight -- day by day. Rejoicing before Him at all times,"
"Rejoicing in the habitable part of His earth, And my delights `are' with the sons of men."
"And now, ye sons, hearken to me, Yea, happy are they who keep my ways."
"Hear instruction, and be wise, and slight not."
"O the happiness of the man hearkening to me, To watch at my doors day by day, To watch at the door-posts of my entrance."
"For whoso is finding me, hath found life, And bringeth out good-will from Yahweh."
"And whoso is missing me, is wronging his soul, All hating me have loved death!"
