"`There is not to the priests the Levites -- all the tribe of Levi -- a portion and inheritance with Israel; fire-offerings of Yahweh, even His inheritance, they eat,"
"and he hath no inheritance in the midst of his brethren; Yahweh Himself  his inheritance, as He hath spoken to him."
"`And this is the priest's right from the people, from those sacrificing a sacrifice, whether ox or sheep, he hath even given to the priest the leg, and the two cheeks, and the stomach;"
"the firstfruit of thy corn, of thy new wine, and of thine oil, and the firstfruit of the fleece of thy flock, thou dost give to him;"
"for on him hath Yahweh thy God fixed, out of all thy tribes, to stand to serve in the name of Yahweh, He and his sons continually."
"`And when the Levite cometh from one of thy cities out of all Israel, where he hath sojourned, and hath come with all the desire of his soul unto the place which Yahweh doth choose,"
"then he hath ministered in the name of Yahweh his God, like all his brethren, the Levites, who are standing there before Yahweh,"
"portion as portion they do eat, apart from his sold things, with the fathers."
"`When thou art coming in unto the land which Yahweh thy God is giving to thee, thou dost not learn to do according to the abominations of those nations:"
"there is not found in thee one causing his son and his daughter to pass over into fire, a user of divinations, an observer of clouds, and an enchanter, and a sorcerer,"
"and a charmer, and one asking at a familiar spirit, and a wizard, and one seeking unto the dead."
"`For the abomination of Yahweh  every one doing these, and because of these abominations is Yahweh thy God dispossessing them from thy presence."
"Perfect thou art with Yahweh thy God,"
"for these nations whom thou art possessing, unto observers of clouds, and unto diviners, do hearken; and thou -- not so hath Yahweh thy God suffered thee."
"`A prophet out of thy midst, out of thy brethren, like to me, doth Yahweh thy God raise up to thee -- unto him ye hearken;"
"according to all that thou didst ask from Yahweh thy God, in Horeb, in the day of the assembly, saying, Let me not add to hear the voice of Yahweh my God, and this great fire let me not see any more, and I die not;"
"and Yahweh saith unto me, They have done well that they have spoken;"
"a prophet I raise up to them, out of the midst of their brethren, like to thee; and I have given my words in his mouth, and he hath spoken unto them all that which I command him;"
"and it hath been -- the man who doth not hearken unto My words which he doth speak in My name, I require `it' of him."
"`Only, the prophet who presumeth to speak a word in My name -- that which I have not commanded him to speak -- and who speaketh in the name of other gods -- even that prophet hath died."
"`And when thou sayest in thy heart, How do we know the word which Yahweh hath not spoken? --"
"that which the prophet speaketh in the name of Yahweh, and the thing is not, and cometh not -- it  the word which Yahweh hath not spoken; in presumption hath the prophet spoken it; -- thou art not afraid of him."
