"`And we turn, and go up the way to Bashan, and Og king of Bashan cometh out to meet us, he and all his people, to battle, `to' Edrei."
"`And Yahweh saith unto me, Fear him not, for into thy hand I have given him, and all his people, and his land, and thou hast done to him as thou hast done to Sihon king of the Amorite who is dwelling in Heshbon."
"`And Yahweh our God giveth into our hands also Og king of Bashan, and all his people, and we smite him till there hath not been left to him a remnant;"
"and we capture all his cities at that time, there hath not been a city which we have not taken from them, sixty cities, all the region of Argob, the kingdom of Og in Bashan."
"All these `are' cities fenced with high walls, two-leaved doors and bar, apart from cities of villages very many;"
"and we devote them, as we have done to Sihon king of Heshbon, devoting every city, men, the women, and the infants;"
"and all the cattle, and the spoil of the cities, we have spoiled for ourselves."
"`And we take, at that time, the land out of the hand of the two kings of the Amorite, which is beyond the Jordan, from the brook Arnon unto mount Hermon;"
"(Sidonians call Hermon, Sirion; and the Amorites call it Senir,)"
"all the cities of the plain, and all Gilead, and all Bashan, unto Salchah and Edrei, cities of the kingdom of Og in Bashan,"
"for only Og king of Bashan had been left of the remnant of the Rephaim; lo, his bedstead  a bedstead of iron; is it not in Rabbath of the sons of Ammon? nine cubits its length, and four cubits its breadth, by the cubit of a man."
"`And this land we have possessed, at that time; from Aroer, which  by the brook Arnon, and the half of mount Gilead, and its cities, I have given to the Reubenite, and to the Gadite;"
"and the rest of Gilead and all Bashan, the kingdom of Og, I have given to the half tribe of Manasseh; all the region of Argob, to all that Bashan, called the land of Rephaim."
"`Jair son of Manasseh hath taken all the region of Argob, unto the border of Geshuri, and Maachathi, and calleth them by his own name, Bashan-Havoth-Jair, unto this day."
And to Machir I have given Gilead.
"`And to the Reubenite and to the Gadite I have given from Gilead even unto the brook Arnon, the middle of the valley and the border, even unto Jabbok the brook, the border of the sons of Ammon,"
"and the plain, and the Jordan, and the border, from Chinnereth even unto the sea of the plain, the salt sea, under the springs of Pisgah, at the `sun'-rising."
"`And I command you, at that time, saying, Yahweh your God hath given to you this land to possess it; armed ye pass over before your brethren the sons of Israel, all the sons of might."
"Only, your wives, and your infants, and your cattle -- I have known that ye have much cattle -- do dwell in your cities which I have given to you,"
"till that Yahweh give rest to your brethren like yourselves, and they also have possessed the land which Yahweh your God is giving to them beyond the Jordan, then ye have turned back each to his possession, which I have given to you."
"`And Jehoshua I have commanded at that time, saying, Thine eyes are seeing all that which Yahweh your God hath done to these two kings -- so doth Yahweh to all the kingdoms whither thou are passing over;"
"fear them not, for Yahweh your God, He is fighting for you."
"`And I entreat for grace unto Yahweh, at that time, saying,"
"Lord Yahweh, Thou -- Thou hast begun to shew Thy servant Thy greatness, and Thy strong hand; for who  a God in the heavens or in earth who doth according to Thy works, and according to Thy might?"
"Let me pass over, I pray Thee, and see the good land which  beyond the Jordan, this good hill-country, and Lebanon."
"`And Yahweh sheweth himself wroth with me, for your sake, and hath not hearkened unto me, and Yahweh saith unto me, Enough for thee; add not to speak unto Me any more about this thing:"
"go up `to' the top of Pisgah, and lift up thine eyes westward, and northward, and southward, and eastward, and see with thine eyes -- for thou dost not pass over this Jordan;"
"and charge Jehoshua, and strengthen him, and harden him, for he doth pass over before this people, and he doth cause them to inherit the land which thou seest."
`And we dwell in a valley over-against Beth-Peor.
