"And Elijah the Tishbite, of the inhabitants of Gilead, saith unto Ahab, `Yahweh, God of Israel, liveth, before whom I have stood, there is not these years dew and rain, except according to my word.'"
"And the word of Yahweh is unto him, saying,"
"`Go from this `place'; and thou hast turned for thee eastward, and been hidden by the brook Cherith, that  on the front of the Jordan,"
"and it hath been, from the brook thou dost drink, and the ravens I have commanded to sustain thee there.'"
"And he goeth and doth according to the word of Yahweh, yea, he goeth and dwelleth by the brook Cherith, that  on the front of the Jordan,"
"and the ravens are bringing to him bread and flesh in the morning, and bread and flesh in the evening, and of the brook he drinketh."
"And it cometh to pass, at the end of days, that the brook drieth up, for there hath been no rain in the land,"
"and the word of Yahweh is unto him, saying,"
"`Rise, go to Zarephath, that  to Zidon, and thou hast dwelt there; lo, I have commanded there a widow woman to sustain thee.'"
"And he riseth, and goeth to Zarephath, and cometh in unto the opening of the city, and lo there, a widow woman gathering sticks, and he calleth unto her, and saith, `Bring, I pray thee, to me, a little water in a vessel, and I drink.'"
"And she goeth to bring `it', and he calleth unto her and saith, `Bring, I pray thee, to me a morsel of bread in thy hand.'"
"And she saith, `Yahweh thy God liveth, I have not a cake, but the fulness of the hand of meal in a pitcher, and a little oil in a dish; and lo, I am gathering two sticks, and have gone in and prepared it for myself, and for my son, and we have eaten it -- and died.'"
"And Elijah saith unto her, `Fear not, go, do according to thy word, only make for me thence a little cake, in the first place, and thou hast brought out to me; and for thee and for thy son make -- last;"
"for thus said Yahweh, God of Israel, The pitcher of meal is not consumed, and the dish of oil is not lacking, till the day of Yahweh's giving a shower on the face of the ground.'"
"And she goeth, and doth according to the word of Elijah, and she eateth, she and he, and her household -- days;"
"the pitcher of meal was not consumed, and the dish of oil did not lack, according to the word of Yahweh that He spake by the hand of Elijah."
"And it cometh to pass, after these things, the son of the woman, mistress of the house, hath been sick, and his sickness is very severe till that no breath hath been left in him."
"And she saith unto Elijah, `What -- to me and to thee, O man of God? thou hast come unto me to cause mine iniquity to be remembered, and to put my son to death!'"
"And he saith unto her, `Give to me thy son;' and he taketh him out of her bosom, and taketh him up unto the upper chamber where he is abiding, and layeth him on his own bed,"
"and crieth unto Yahweh, and saith, `Yahweh my God, also on the widow with whom I am sojourning hast Thou done evil -- to put her son to death?'"
"And he stretcheth himself out on the lad three times, and calleth unto Yahweh, and saith, `O Yahweh my God, let turn back, I pray Thee, the soul of this lad into his midst;'"
"and Yahweh hearkeneth to the voice of Elijah, and the soul of the lad turneth back into his midst, and he liveth."
"And Elijah taketh the lad, and bringeth him down from the upper chamber of the house, and giveth him to his mother, and Elijah saith, `See, thy son liveth!'"
"And the woman saith unto Elijah, `Now, this I have known, that a man of God thou `art', and the word of Yahweh in thy mouth  truth.'"
