"And his own house hath Solomon built thirteen years, and he finisheth all his house."
"And he buildeth the house of the forest of Lebanon; a hundred cubits  its length, and fifty cubits its breadth, and thirty cubits its height, on four rows of cedar pillars, and cedar-beams on the pillars;"
"and `it is' covered with cedar above, on the sides that `are' on the forty and five pillars, fifteen in the row."
"And windows `are' in three rows, and sight  over-against sight three times."
And all the openings and the side-posts `are' square -- windows; and sight  over-against sight three times.
"And the porch of the pillars he hath made; fifty cubits its length, and thirty cubits its breadth, and the porch  before them, and pillars and a thick place `are' before them."
"And the porch of the throne where he judgeth -- the porch of judgment -- he hath made, and `it is' covered with cedar from the floor unto the floor."
"As to his house where he dwelleth, the other court  within the porch -- as this work it hath been; and a house he maketh for the daughter of Pharaoh -- whom Solomon hath taken -- like this porch."
"All these `are' of precious stone, according to the measures of hewn work, sawn with a saw, within and without, even from the foundation unto the coping, and at the outside, unto the great court."
"And the foundation  of precious stone, great stones, stones of ten cubits, and stones of eight cubits;"
"and above `are' precious stone, according to the measures of hewn work, and cedar;"
"and the great court round about  three rows of hewn work, and a row of cedar-beams, even for the inner court of the house of Yahweh, and for the porch of the house."
And king Solomon sendeth and taketh Hiram out of Tyre --
"he  son of a woman, a widow, of the tribe of Naphtali, and his father a man of Tyre, a worker in brass, and he is filled with the wisdom and the understanding, and the knowledge to do all work in brass -- and he cometh unto king Solomon, and doth all his work."
"And he formeth the two pillars of brass; eighteen cubits  the height of the one pillar, and a cord of twelve cubits doth compass the second pillar."
"And two chapiters he hath made to put on the tops of the pillars, cast in brass; five cubits the height of the one chapiter, and five cubits the height of the second chapiter."
"Nets of net-work, wreaths of chain-work `are' for the chapiters that `are' on the top of the pillars, seven for the one chapiter, and seven for the second chapiter."
"And he maketh the pillars, and two rows round about on the one net-work, to cover the chapiters that `are' on the top, with the pomegranates, and so he hath made for the second chapiter."
"And the chapiters that `are' on the top of the pillars `are' of lily-work in the porch, four cubits;"
"and the chapiters on the two pillars also above, over-against the protuberance that  beside the net; and the pomegranates `are' two hundred, in rows round about on the second chapiter."
"And he raiseth up the pillars for the porch of the temple, and he raiseth up the right pillar, and calleth its name Jachin, and he raiseth up the left pillar, and calleth its name Boaz;"
and on the top of the pillars  lily-work; and the work of the pillars  completed.
"And he maketh the molten sea, ten by the cubit from its edge unto its edge; `it is' round all about, and five by the cubit  its height, and a line of thirty by the cubit doth compass it round about;"
"and knops beneath its brim round about are compassing it, ten by the cubit, going round the sea round about; in two rows `are' the knops, cast in its being cast."
"It is standing on twelve oxen, three facing the north, and three facing the west, and three facing the south, and three facing the east, and the sea  upon them above, and all their hinder parts `are' inward."
"And its thickness  an handbreadth, and its edge as the work of the edge of a cup, flowers of lilies; two thousand baths it containeth."
"And he maketh the ten bases of brass; four by the cubit  the length of the one base, and four by the cubit its breadth, and three by the cubit its height."
"And this  the work of the base: they have borders, and the borders `are' between the joinings;"
"and on the borders that `are' between the joinings `are' lions, oxen, and cherubs, and on the joinings a base above, and beneath the lions and the oxen `are' additions -- sloping work."
"And four wheels of brass `are' to the one base, and axles of brass; and its four corners have shoulders -- under the laver `are' the molten shoulders, beside each addition."
"And its mouth within the chapiter and above  by the cubit, and its mouth  round, the work of the base, a cubit and half a cubit; and also on its mouth `are' carvings and their borders, square, not round."
"And the four wheels `are' under the borders, and the spokes of the wheels `are' in the base, and the height of the one wheel  a cubit and half a cubit."
"And the work of the wheels  as the work of the wheel of a chariot, their spokes, and their axles, and their felloes, and their naves; the whole  molten."
And four shoulders `are' unto the four corners of the one base; out of the base `are' its shoulders.
And in the top of the base  the half of a cubit in the height all round about; and on the top of the base its spokes and its borders `are' of the same.
"And he openeth on the tablets of its spokes, and on its borders, cherubs, lions, and palm-trees, according to the void space of each, and additions round about."
"Thus he hath made the ten bases; one casting, one measure, one form, have they all."
"And he maketh ten lavers of brass; forty baths doth the one laver contain, four by the cubit  the one laver, one laver on the one base  to the ten bases;"
"and he putteth the five bases on the right side of the house, and five on the left side of the house, and the sea he hath put on the right side of the house, eastward -- over-against the south."
"And Hiram maketh the lavers, and the shovels, and the bowls; and Hiram completeth to do all the work that he made for king Solomon, `for' the house of Yahweh;"
"pillars two, and bowls of the chapiters that `are' on the top of the pillars two, and the nets two, to cover the two bowls of the chapiters that `are' on the top of the pillars;"
"and the pomegranates four hundred for the two nets, two rows of pomegranates for the one net, to cover the two bowls of the chapiters that `are' on the front of the pillars;"
"and the ten bases, and the ten lavers on the bases;"
"and the one sea, the twelve oxen under the sea,"
"and the pots, and the shovels, and the bowls; and all these vessels, that Hiram hath made to king Solomon `for' the house of Yahweh, `are' of brass -- polished."
"In the circuit of the Jordan hath the king cast them, in the thick soil of the ground, between Succoth and Zarthan."
"And Solomon placeth the whole of the vessels; because of the very great abundance, the weight of the brass hath not been searched out."
"And Solomon maketh all the vessels that `are' in the house of Yahweh: the altar of gold, and the table -- on which  the bread of the Presence -- of gold,"
"and the candlesticks, five on the right, and five on the left, before the oracle, of refined gold, and the flowers, and the lamps, and the tongs, of gold,"
"and the basins, and the snuffers, and the bowls, and the spoons, and the censers, of refined gold, and the hinges for the doors of the inner-house, for the holy of holies, for the doors of the house of the temple, of gold."
"And it is complete -- all the work that king Solomon hath made `for' the house of Yahweh, and Solomon bringeth in the sanctified things of David his father; the silver, and the gold, and the vessels he hath put in the treasuries of the house of Yahweh."
