"A word of Yahweh that hath been unto Micah the Morashite in the days of Jotham, Ahaz, Hezekiah, kings of Judah, that he hath seen concerning Samaria and Jerusalem:"
"Hear, O peoples, all of them! Attend, O earth, and its fulness, And the Lord Yahweh is against you for a witness, The Lord from His holy temple."
"For lo, Yahweh is going out from His place, And He hath come down, And hath trodden on high places of earth."
"Melted have been the mountains under Him, And the valleys do rend themselves, As wax from the presence of fire, As waters cast down by a slope."
"For the transgression of Jacob  all this, And for the sins of the house of Israel. What  the transgression of Jacob? Is it not Samaria? And what the high places of Judah? Is it not Jerusalem?"
"And I have set Samaria for a heap of the field, For plantations of a vineyard, And poured out into a valley her stones, And her foundations I uncover."
"And all her graven images are beaten down, And all her gifts are burnt with fire, And all her idols I make a desolation, For, from the hire of a harlot she gathered, and unto the hire of a harlot they return."
"For this I lament and howl, I go spoiled and naked, I make a lamentation like dragons, And a mourning like daughters of an ostrich."
"For mortal `are' her wounds, For it hath come unto Judah, It hath come to a gate of My people -- to Jerusalem."
"In Gath tell ye not -- in Acco weep not, In Beth-Aphrah, in dust roll thyself."
"Pass over for thee, O inhabitant of Shaphir, Naked one of shame. Not gone out hath the inhabitant of Zaanan, The lamentation of Beth-Ezel doth take from you its standing."
"For stayed for good hath the inhabitant of Maroth, For evil hath come down from Yahweh to the gate of Jerusalem."
"Bind the chariot to a swift beast, O inhabitant of Lachish, RA$'+ of sin to the daughter of Zion, For in thee have been found the transgressions of Israel."
"Therefore thou givest presents to Moresheth-Gath, The houses of Achzib become a lying thing to the kings of Israel."
"Yet the possessor I do bring in to thee, O inhabitant of Mareshah, To Adullam come in doth the honour of Israel."
"Make bald and shave, for thy delightful sons, Enlarge thy baldness as an eagle, For they have removed from thee!"
