"And David saith, `Is there yet any left to the house of Saul, and I do with him kindness because of Jonathan?'"
"And the house of Saul hath a servant, and his name  Ziba, and they call for him unto David; and the king saith unto him, `Art thou Ziba?' and he saith, `Thy servant.'"
"And the king saith, `Is there not yet a man to the house of Saul, and I do with him the kindness of God?' And Ziba saith unto the king, `Jonathan hath yet a son -- lame.'"
"And the king saith to him, `Where  he?' and Ziba saith unto the king, `Lo, he  in the house of Machir, son of Ammiel, in Lo-Debar.'"
"And king David sendeth, and taketh him out of the house of Machir son of Ammiel, of Lo-Debar,"
"and Mephibosheth son of Jonathan, son of Saul, cometh unto David, and falleth on his face, and doth obeisance, and David saith, `Mephibosheth;' and he saith, `Lo, thy servant.'"
"And David saith to him, `Be not afraid; for I certainly do with thee kindness because of Jonathan thy father, and have given back to thee all the field of Saul thy father, and thou dost eat bread at my table continually.'"
"And he boweth himself, and saith, `What  thy servant, that thou hast turned unto the dead dog -- such as I?'"
"And the king calleth unto Ziba servant of Saul, and saith unto him, `All that was to Saul and to all his house, I have given to the son of thy lord,"
"and thou hast served for him the land, thou and thy sons, and thy servants, and hast brought in, and there hath been to the son of thy lord bread, and he hath eaten it; and Mephibosheth son of thy lord doth eat continually bread at my table;' and Ziba hath fifteen sons and twenty servants."
"And Ziba saith unto the king, `According to all that my lord the king commandeth his servant, so doth thy servant;' as to Mephibosheth, `he is eating at my table (`saith the king') as one of the sons of the king.'"
"And Mephibosheth hath a young son, and his name  Micha, and every one dwelling in the house of Ziba `are' servants to Mephibosheth."
"And Mephibosheth is dwelling in Jerusalem, for at the table of the king he is eating continually, and he  lame of his two feet."
