"And at Solomon's finishing to pray, then the fire hath come down from the heavens, and consumeth the burnt-offering and the sacrifices, and the honour of Yahweh hath filled the house,"
"and the priests have not been able to go in unto the house of Yahweh, because the honour of Yahweh hath filled the house of Yahweh."
"And all the sons of Israel are looking on the descending of the fire, and the honour of Yahweh on the house, and they bow -- faces to the earth -- on the pavement, and do obeisance, and give thanks to Yahweh, for good, for to the age  His kindness."
"And the king and all the people are sacrificing a sacrifice before Yahweh,"
"and king Solomon sacrificeth the sacrifice of the herd, twenty and two thousand, and of the flock, a hundred and twenty thousand, and the king and all the people dedicate the house of God."
"And the priests over their charges are standing, and the Levites with instruments of the song of Yahweh -- that David the king made, to give thanks to Yahweh, for to the age  His kindness, in David's praising by their hand -- and the priests are blowing trumpets over-against them, and all Israel are standing."
"And Solomon sanctifieth the middle of the court that  before the house of Yahweh, for he hath made there the burnt-offerings, and the fat of the peace-offerings: for the altar of brass that Solomon made hath not been able to contain the burnt-offering, and the present, and the fat."
"And solomon maketh the feast at that time seven days, and all Israel with him -- a very great assembly -- from the entering in of Hamath unto the brook of Egypt."
"And they make on the eighth day a restraint, because the dedication of the altar they have made seven days, and the feast seven days."
"And on the twenty and third day of the seventh month he hath sent the people to their tents, rejoicing, and glad in heart, for the goodness that Yahweh hath done to David, and to Solomon, and to Israel His people."
"And Solomon finisheth the house of Yahweh, and the house of the king; and all that hath come on the heart of Solomon to do in the house of Yahweh, and in his own house, he hath caused to prosper."
"And Yahweh appeareth unto Solomon by night, and saith to him, `I have heard thy prayer, and have fixed on this place to Me for a house of sacrifice."
"If I restrain the heavens and there is no rain, and if I lay charge on the locust to consume the land, and if I send pestilence among My people --"
"and My people on whom My name is called be humbled, and pray, and seek My face, and turn back from their evil ways, then I -- I hear from the heavens, and forgive their sin, and heal their land."
"`Now, Mine eyes are open, and Mine ears attentive, to the prayer of this place;"
"and now, I have chosen and sanctified this house for My name being there unto the age; yea, Mine eyes and My heart have been there all the days."
"`And thou, if thou dost walk before Me as David thy father walked, even to do according to all that I have commanded thee, and My statutes and My judgments dost keep --"
"then I have established the throne of thy kingdom, as I covenanted with David thy father, saying, There is not cut off a man to thee -- a ruler in Israel;"
"and if ye turn back -- ye -- and have forsaken My statutes, and My commands, that I have placed before you, and have gone and served other gods, and bowed yourselves to them -- then I have plucked them from off My ground that I have given to them,"
"and this house that I have sanctified for My name, I cast from before My face, and make it for a proverb, and for a byword, among all the peoples."
"`And this house that hath been high, to every one passing by it, is an astonishment, and he hath said, Wherefore hath Yahweh done thus to this land, and to this house?"
"and they have said, Because that they have forsaken Yahweh, God of their fathers, who brought them out from the land of Egypt, and lay hold on other gods, and bow themselves to them, and serve them, therefore He hath brought upon them all this evil.'"
