"In the eighth month, in the second year of Darius, hath a word of Yahweh been unto Zechariah, son of Berechiah, son of Iddo, the prophet, saying:"
`Yahweh was wroth against your fathers -- wrath!
"And thou hast said unto them, Thus said Yahweh of Hosts, turn back unto Me, An affirmation of Yahweh of Hosts, And I turn back unto you, said Yahweh of Hosts."
"Ye shall not be as your fathers, To whom the former prophets called, saying: Thus said Yahweh of Hosts, Turn back I pray you, From your evil ways and from your evil doings, And they did not hearken, Nor attend to Me -- an affirmation of Yahweh."
Your fathers -- where `are' they? And the prophets -- to the age do they live?
"Only, My words, and My statutes, That I commanded My servants the prophets, Have they not overtaken your fathers, And they turn back and say: As Yahweh of Hosts designed to do to us, According to our ways, and according to our doings, So He hath done to us?'"
"On the twenty and fourth day of the eleventh month, (it  the month of Sebat,) in the second year of Darius, hath a word of Yahweh been unto Zechariah, son of Berechiah, son of Iddo, the prophet, saying:"
"I have seen by night, and lo, one riding on a red horse, and he is standing between the myrtles that `are' in the shade, and behind him `are' horses, red, bay, and white."
"And I say, `What `are' these, my lord?' And the messenger who is speaking with me saith unto me, `I -- I do shew thee what these `are'.'"
"And the one who is standing between the myrtles doth answer and say, `These `are' they whom Yahweh hath sent to walk up and down in the land.'"
"And they answer the messenger of Yahweh who is standing between the myrtles, and say, `We have walked up and down in the land, and lo, all the land is sitting still, and at rest.'"
"And the messenger of Yahweh answereth and saith, `Yahweh of Hosts! till when dost Thou not pity Jerusalem, and the cities of Judah, that Thou hast abhorred these seventy years?'"
"And Yahweh answereth the messenger, who is speaking with me, good words, comfortable words."
"And the messenger who is speaking with me, saith unto me, `Call, saying: Thus said Yahweh of Hosts: I have been zealous for Jerusalem, and for Zion `with' great zeal."
"And `with' great wrath I am wroth against the nations who are at ease, For I was a little wroth, and they assisted -- for evil."
"Therefore, thus said Yahweh: I have turned to Jerusalem with mercies, My house is built in it, An affirmation of Yahweh of Hosts, And a line is stretched over Jerusalem."
"Again call, saying: Thus said Yahweh of Hosts, Again do my cities overflow from good, And Yahweh hath again comforted Zion, And He hath fixed again on Jerusalem.'"
"And I lift up mine eyes, and look, and lo, four horns."
"And I say unto the messenger who is speaking with me, `What `are' these?' And he saith unto me, `These `are' the horns that have scattered Judah, Israel, and Jerusalem.'"
And Yahweh doth shew me four artizans.
"And I say, `What `are' these coming in to do?' And He speaketh, saying: `These `are' the horns that have scattered Judah, so that no one hath lifted up his head, and these come in to trouble them, to cast down the horns of the nations who are lifting up a horn against the land of Judah -- to scatter it.'"
