"Thus said Yahweh unto me, `Go, and thou hast got for thee a girdle of linen, and hast placed it on thy loins, and into water thou dost not cause it to enter:'"
"and I get the girdle, according to the word of Yahweh, and I place `it' on my loins."
"And there is a word of Yahweh unto me a second time, saying,"
"`Take the girdle that thou hast got, that  on thy loins, and rise, go to Phrat, and hide it there in a hole of the rock;"
"and I go and hide it by Phrat, as Yahweh commanded me."
"And it cometh to pass, at the end of many days, that Yahweh saith unto me, `Rise, go to Phrat, and take thence the girdle, that I commanded thee to hide there;'"
"and I go to Phrat, and dig, and take the girdle from the place where I had hid it; and lo, the girdle hath been marred, it is not profitable for anything."
"And there is a word of Yahweh unto me, saying, `Thus said Yahweh:"
"Thus do I mar the excellency of Judah, And the great excellency of Jerusalem."
"This evil people, who refuse to hear My words, Who walk in the stubbornness of their heart, And go after other gods to serve them, And to bow themselves to them, Yea it is -- as this girdle, that is not profitable for anything."
"For, as the girdle cleaveth unto the loins of a man, So I caused to cleave unto Me The whole house of Israel, And the whole house of Judah, an affirmation of Yahweh, To be to Me for a people, and for a name, And for praise, and for beauty, And they have not hearkened."
"And thou hast said unto them this word, Thus said Yahweh, God of Israel, `Every bottle is full of wine,' And they have said unto thee: `Do we not certainly know that every bottle is full of wine?'"
"And thou hast said unto them, `Thus said Yahweh: Lo, I am filling all the inhabitants of this land, And the kings who sit for David on his throne, And the priests, and the prophets, And all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, `With' drunkenness,"
"And have dashed them one against another, And the fathers and the sons together, An affirmation of Yahweh, I do not pity, nor spare, nor have I mercy, So as not to destroy them."
"Hear, and give ear -- be not haughty, For Yahweh hath spoken."
"Give ye to Yahweh your God honour, Before He doth cause darkness, And before your feet stumble on dark mountains, And ye have waited for light, And He hath made it for death-shade, And hath appointed `it' for thick darkness."
"And if ye do not hear it, In secret places doth my soul weep, because of pride, Yea, it weepeth sore, And the tear cometh down mine eyes, For the flock of Yahweh hath been taken captive."
"Say to the king and to the mistress: Make yourselves low -- sit still, For come down have your principalities, The crown of your beauty."
"The cities of the south have been shut up, And there is none opening, Judah hath been removed -- all of her, She hath been removed completely --"
"Lift up your eyes, and see those coming in from the north, Where  the drove given to thee, thy beautiful flock?"
"What dost thou say, when He looketh after thee? And thou -- thou hast taught them `to be' over thee -- leaders for head? Do not pangs seize thee as a travailing woman?"
"And when thou dost say in thy heart, `Wherefore have these met me?' For the abundance of thine iniquity Have thy skirts been uncovered, Have thy heels suffered violence."
"Doth a Cushite change his skin? and a leopard his spots? Ye also are able to do good, who are accustomed to do evil."
"And I scatter them as stubble, Passing away, by a wind of the wilderness."
"This  thy lot, the portion of thy measures from Me -- an affirmation of Yahweh, Because thou hast forgotten me, And dost trust in falsehood."
"I also have made bare thy skirts before thy face, And thy shame hath been seen."
"Thine adulteries, and thy neighings, The wickedness of thy whoredom, on heights in a field, I have seen thine abominations. Wo to thee, O Jerusalem, Thou art not cleansed, after when `is it' again?"
