"BRA$'+ of the reign of Jehoiakim son of Josiah, king of Judah, hath this word been from Yahweh, saying:"
"`Thus said Yahweh, Stand thou in the court of the house of Yahweh, and thou hast spoken unto all `those of' the cities of Judah who are coming in to bow themselves in the house of Yahweh, all the words that I have commanded thee to speak unto them, thou dost not diminish a word."
"If so be they hearken, and turn back each from his evil way, then I have repented concerning the evil that I am thinking of doing to them, because of the evil of their doings."
"`And thou hast said unto them: Thus said Yahweh, If ye do not hearken unto Me, to walk in My law, that I set before you,"
"To hearken to the words of My servants the prophets, whom I am sending unto you, yea, rising early and sending, and ye have not hearkened,"
"Then I have given up this house as Shiloh, and this city I give up for a reviling to all nations of the earth.'"
"And the priests, and the prophets, and all the people, hear Jeremiah speaking these words in the house of Yahweh,"
"And it cometh to pass, at the completion of Jeremiah's speaking all that Yahweh hath commanded him to speak unto all the people, that the priests, and the prophets, and all the people catch him, saying, Thou dost surely die,"
"Wherefore hast thou prophesied in the name of Yahweh, saying, `As Shiloh this house shall be, and this city is wasted, without inhabitant?' and all the people are assembled unto Jeremiah in the house of Yahweh."
"And the heads of Judah hear these things, and they go up from the house of the king `to' the house of Yahweh, and sit in the opening of the new gate of Yahweh."
"And the priests and the prophets speak unto the heads, and unto all the people, saying, `Judgment of death  for this man, for he hath prophesied against this city, as ye have heard with your ears.'"
"And Jeremiah speaketh unto all the heads, and unto all the people, saying, `Yahweh sent me to prophesy concerning this house, and concerning this city, all the words that ye have heard;"
"And now, amend your ways, and your doings, and hearken to the voice of Yahweh your God, and Yahweh doth repent concerning the evil that He hath spoken against you."
"`And I, lo, I `am' in your hand, do to me as is good and as is right in your eyes;"
"Only, know ye certainly, that if ye are putting me to death, surely innocent blood ye are putting on yourselves, and on this city, and on its inhabitants; for truly hath Yahweh sent me unto you to speak in your ears all these words.'"
"And the heads and all the people say unto the priests and unto the prophets, `There is not for this man a judgment of death, for in the name of Yahweh our God he hath spoken unto us.'"
"And certain of the elders of the land rise up, and speak unto all the assembly of the people, saying,"
"`Micah the Morashtite hath been prophesying in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah, and he saith unto all the people of Judah, saying: Thus said Yahweh of Hosts: Zion is a plowed field, and Jerusalem is heaps, And the mountain of the house is for high places of a forest."
"`Put him at all to death did Hezekiah king of Judah, and all Judah? Did he not fear Yahweh? yea, he appeaseth the face of Yahweh, and Yahweh repenteth concerning the evil that He spake against them; and we are doing great evil against our souls."
"`And also there hath been a man prophesying in the name of Yahweh, Urijah son of Shemaiah, of Kirjath-Jearim, and he prophesieth against this city, and against this land according to all the words of Jeremiah,"
"And the king Jehoiakim, and all his mighty ones, and all the heads, hear his words, and the king seeketh to put him to death, and Urijah heareth, and feareth, and fleeth, and goeth in to Egypt."
"And the king Jehoiakim sendeth men to Egypt -- Elnathan son of Achbor, and men with him unto Egypt --"
"And they bring out Urijah from Egypt, and bring him in unto the king Jehoiakim, and he smiteth him with a sword, and casteth his corpse unto the graves of the sons of the people.'"
"Only, the hand of Ahikam son of Shaphan hath been with Jeremiah so as not to give him up into the hand of the people to put him to death."
