"The word that hath been unto Jeremiah from Yahweh, saying,"
"`Thus spake Yahweh, God of Israel, saying, Write for thee all the words that I have spoken unto thee on a book."
"For, lo, days are coming -- an affirmation of Yahweh -- and I have turned back `to' the captivity of My people Israel and Judah, said Yahweh, and I have caused them to turn back unto the land that I gave to their fathers, and they do possess it.'"
And these `are' the words that Yahweh hath spoken concerning Israel and concerning Judah:
"Surely thus said Yahweh: A voice of trembling we have heard, Fear -- and there is no peace."
"Ask, I pray you, and see, is a male bringing forth? Wherefore have I seen every man, His hands on his loins, as a travailing woman, And all faces have been turned to paleness?"
"Wo! for great  that day, without any like it, Yea, a time of adversity it  to Jacob, Yet out of it he is saved."
"And it hath come to pass, in that day, An affirmation of Yahweh of Hosts, I break his yoke from off thy neck, And thy bands I draw away, And lay no more service on him do strangers."
"And they have served Yahweh their God, And David their king whom I raise up to them."
"And thou, be not afraid, My servant Jacob, An affirmation of Yahweh, Nor be affrighted, O Israel, For, lo, I am saving thee from afar, And thy seed from the land of their captivity, And Jacob hath turned back and rested, And is quiet, and there is none troubling."
"For with thee `am' I, An affirmation of Yahweh -- to save thee, For I make an end of all the nations Whither I have scattered thee, Only, of thee I do not make an end, And I have chastised thee in judgment, And do not entirely acquit thee."
"For thus said Yahweh: Incurable is thy breach, grievous thy stroke,"
"There is none judging thy cause to bind up, Healing medicines there are none for thee."
"all loving thee have forgotten thee, Thee they do not seek, For with the stroke of an enemy I smote thee, The chastisement of a fierce one, Because of the abundance of thy iniquity, Mighty have been thy sins!"
"What! -- thou criest concerning thy breach! Incurable  thy pain, Because of the abundance of thy iniquity, Mighty have been thy sins! I have done these to thee."
"Therefore all consuming thee are consumed, And all thine adversaries -- all of them -- Into captivity do go, And thy spoilers have been for a spoil, And all thy plunderers I give up to plunder."
"For I increase health to thee, And from thy strokes I do heal thee, An affirmation of Yahweh, For `Outcast' they have called to thee, `Zion it , there is none seeking for her.'"
"Thus said Yahweh: Lo, I turn back `to' the captivity of the tents of Jacob, And his dwelling places I pity, And the city hath been built on its heap, And the palace according to its ordinance remaineth."
"And gone forth from them hath thanksgiving, And the voice of playful ones, And I have multiplied them and they are not few, And made them honourable, and they are not small."
"And his sons have been as aforetime, And his company before Me is established, And I have seen after all his oppressors."
"And his honourable one hath been of himself, And his ruler from his midst goeth forth, And I have caused him to draw near, And he hath drawn nigh unto Me, For who  he who hath pledged his heart To draw nigh unto Me? An affirmation of Yahweh."
"And ye have been to Me for a people, And I am to you for God."
"Lo, a whirlwind of Yahweh -- Fury hath gone forth -- a cutting whirlwind, On the head of the wicked it stayeth."
"The fierceness of the anger of Yahweh Doth not turn back till His doing, Yea, till His establishing the devices of His heart, In the latter end of the days we consider it!"
