And there is a word of Yahweh unto Jeremiah a second time -- and he  yet detained in the court of the prison -- saying:
"Thus said Yahweh its maker, Yahweh its former, at establishing it, Yahweh  His name:"
"Call unto Me, and I do answer thee, yea, I declare to thee great and fenced things -- thou hast not known them."
"For thus said Yahweh, God of Israel, concerning the houses of this city, and concerning the houses of the kings of Judah, that are broken down for the mounts, and for the tool;"
"they are coming in to fight with the Chaldeans, and to fill them with the carcases of men, whom I have smitten in Mine anger, and in My fury, and `for' whom I have hidden My face from this city, because of all their evil:"
"Lo, I am increasing to it health and cure, And have healed them, and revealed to them The abundance of peace and truth."
"And I have turned back the captivity of Judah, And the captivity of Israel, And I have built them as at the first,"
"And cleansed them from all their iniquity, That they have sinned against Me, And I have pardoned all their iniquities, That they have sinned against Me, And that they transgressed against Me."
"And it hath been to Me for a name of joy, For praise, and for beauty, to all nations of the earth, Who hear of all the good that I am doing them, And they have feared, And they have trembled for all the good, And for all the peace, that I am doing to it."
"Thus said Yahweh: Again heard in this place of which ye are saying, Waste it , without man and without beast, In cities of Judah, and in streets of Jerusalem, That are desolated, without man, And without inhabitant, and without beast,"
"Is a voice of joy and a voice of gladness, Voice of bridegroom, and voice of bride, The voice of those saying, Thank Yahweh of Hosts, for Yahweh  good, For His kindness  to the age, Who are bringing in thanksgiving to the house of Yahweh, For I turn back the captivity of the land, As at the first, said Yahweh."
"Thus said Yahweh of Hosts: Again there is in this place -- that is waste, Without man and beast, And in all its cities -- a habitation of shepherds, Causing the flock to lie down."
"In the cities of the hill-country, In the cities of the low country, And in the cities of the south, And in the land of Benjamin, And in the suburbs of Jerusalem, And in the cities of Judah, Again doth the flock pass by under the hands of the numberer, said Yahweh."
"Lo, days are coming, an affirmation of Yahweh, And I have established the good word That I spake unto the house of Israel, And concerning the house of Judah."
"In those days, and at that time, I cause to shoot up to David a shoot of righteousness, And he hath done judgment and righteousness in the earth."
"In those days is Judah saved, And Jerusalem doth dwell confidently, And this  he whom Yahweh proclaimeth to her: `Our Righteousness.'"
"For thus said Yahweh: `Not cut off to David is one sitting on the throne of the house of Israel,"
"And to the priests -- the Levites, Not cut off from before Me is one, Causing a burnt-offering to ascend, And perfuming a present, and making sacrifice -- all the days.'"
"And there is a word of Yahweh unto Jeremiah, saying,"
"`Thus said Yahweh: If ye do break My covenant of the day, And My covenant of the night, So that they are not daily and nightly in their season,"
"Also My covenant is broken with David My servant, So that he hath not a son reigning on his throne, And with the Levites the priests, My ministers."
"As the host of the heavens is not numbered, Nor the sand of the sea measured, So I multiply the seed of David My servant, And the Levites My ministers.'"
"And there is a word of Yahweh unto Jeremiah, saying:"
"`Hast thou not considered what this people have spoken, saying: The two families on which Yahweh fixed, He doth reject them, And my people they despise -- So that they are no more a people before them!"
"Thus said Yahweh: If My covenant  not daily and nightly, The statutes of heaven and earth I have not appointed --"
"Also the seed of Jacob, and David My servant, I reject, Against taking from his seed rulers For the seed of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, For I turn back `to' their captivity, and have pitied them.'"
