"To everything -- a season, and a time to every delight under the heavens:"
"A time to bring forth, And a time to die. A time to plant, And a time to eradicate the planted."
"A time to slay, And a time to heal, A time to break down, And a time to build up."
"A time to weep, And a time to laugh. A time to mourn, And a time to skip."
"A time to cast away stones, And a time to heap up stones. A time to embrace, And a time to be far from embracing."
"A time to seek, And a time to destroy. A time to keep, And a time to cast away."
"A time to rend, And a time to sew. A time to be silent, And a time to speak."
"A time to love, And a time to hate. A time of war, And a time of peace."
What advantage hath the doer in that which he is labouring at?
I have seen the travail that God hath given to the sons of man to be humbled by it.
"The whole He hath made beautiful in its season; also, that knowledge He hath put in their heart without which man findeth not out the work that God hath done from the beginning even unto the end."
"I have known that there is no good for them except to rejoice and to do good during their life,"
"yea, even every man who eateth and hath drunk and seen good by all his labour, it  a gift of God."
"I have known that all that God doth is to the age, to it nothing is to be added, and from it nothing is to be withdrawn; and God hath wrought that they do fear before Him."
"What is that which hath been? already it is, and that which  to be hath already been, and God requireth that which is pursued."
"And again, I have seen under the sun the place of judgment -- there  the wicked; and the place of righteousness -- there  the wicked."
"I said in my heart, `The righteous and the wicked doth God judge, for a time  to every matter and for every work there.'"
"I said in my heart concerning the matter of the sons of man that God might cleanse them, so as to see that they themselves `are' beasts."
"For an event `is to' the sons of man, and an event `is to' the beasts, even one event  to them; as the death of this, so  the death of that; and one spirit  to all, and the advantage of man above the beast is nothing, for the whole  vanity."
"The whole are going unto one place, the whole have been from the dust, and the whole are turning back unto the dust."
"Who knoweth the spirit of the sons of man that is going up on high, and the spirit of the beast that is going down below to the earth?"
"And I have seen that there is nothing better than that man rejoice in his works, for it  his portion; for who doth bring him in to look on that which is after him?"
