"Better  a name than good perfume, And the day of death than the day of birth."
"Better to go unto a house of mourning, Than to go unto a house of banqueting, For that is the end of all men, And the living layeth `it' unto his heart."
"Better  sorrow than laughter, For by the sadness of the face the heart becometh better."
"The heart of the wise  in a house of mourning, And the heart of fools in a house of mirth."
"Better to hear a rebuke of a wise man, Than `for' a man to hear a song of fools,"
"For as the noise of thorns under the pot, So  the laughter of a fool, even this  vanity."
"Surely oppression maketh the wise mad, And a gift destroyeth the heart."
"Better the latter end of a thing MRA$'+V, Better  the patient of spirit, than the haughty of spirit."
"Be not hasty in thy spirit to be angry, For anger in the bosom of fools resteth."
"Say not thou, `What was it, That the former days were better than these?' For thou hast not asked wisely of this."
"Wisdom  good with an inheritance, And an advantage `it is' to those beholding the sun."
"For wisdom  a defense, money  a defence, And the advantage of the knowledge of wisdom , She reviveth her possessors."
"See the work of God, For who is able to make straight that which He made crooked?"
"In a day of prosperity be in gladness, And in a day of evil consider. Also this over-against that hath God made, To the intent that man doth not find anything after him."
"The whole I have considered in the days of my vanity. There is a righteous one perishing in his righteousness, and there is a wrong-doer prolonging `himself' in his wrong."
"Be not over-righteous, nor show thyself too wise, why art thou desolate?"
"Do not much wrong, neither be thou a fool, why dost thou die within thy time?"
"`It is' good that thou dost lay hold on this, and also, from that withdrawest not thy hand, for whoso is fearing God goeth out with them all."
"The wisdom giveth strength to a wise man, more than wealth the rulers who have been in a city."
Because there is not a righteous man on earth that doth good and sinneth not.
"Also to all the words that they speak give not thy heart, that thou hear not thy servant reviling thee."
For many times also hath thy heart known that thou thyself also hast reviled others.
"All this I have tried by wisdom; I have said, `I am wise,' and it  far from me."
"Far off  that which hath been, and deep, deep, who doth find it?"
"I have turned round, also my heart, to know and to search, and to seek out wisdom, and reason, and to know the wrong of folly, and of foolishness the madness."
"And I am finding more bitter than death, the woman whose heart  nets and snares, her hands `are' bands; the good before God escapeth from her, but the sinner is captured by her."
"See, this I have found, said the Preacher, one to one, to find out the reason"
"(that still my soul had sought, and I had not found), One man, a teacher, I have found, and a woman among all these I have not found."
"See, this alone I have found, that God made man upright, and they -- they have sought out many devices."
