"And Yahweh speaketh unto Moses, saying,"
"`Sanctify to Me every first-born, opening any womb among the sons of Israel, among man and among beast; it  Mine.'"
"And Moses saith unto the people, `Remember this day `in' which ye have gone out from Egypt, from the house of servants, for by strength of hand hath Yahweh brought you out from this, and any thing fermented is not eaten;"
"To-day ye are going out, in the month of Abib."
"`And it hath been, when Yahweh bringeth thee in unto the land of the Canaanite, and of the Hittite, and of the Amorite, and of the Hivite, and of the Jebusite, which He hath sworn to thy fathers to give to thee, a land flowing with milk and honey, that thou hast done this service in this month."
"`Seven days thou dost eat unleavened things, and in the seventh day  a feast to Yahweh;"
"unleavened things are eaten the seven days, and any thing fermented is not seen with thee; yea, leaven is not seen with thee in all thy border."
"`And thou hast declared to thy son in that day, saying, ``It is' because of what Yahweh did to me, in my going out from Egypt,"
"and it hath been to thee for a sign on thy hand, and for a memorial between thine eyes, so that the law of Yahweh is in thy mouth, for by a strong hand hath Yahweh brought thee out from Egypt;"
and thou hast kept this statute at its appointed season from days to days.
"`And it hath been, when Yahweh bringeth thee in unto the land of the Canaanite, as He hath sworn to thee and to thy fathers, and hath given it to thee,"
"that thou hast caused every one opening a womb to pass over to Yahweh, and every firstling -- the increase of beasts which thou hast: the males `are' Yahweh's."
"`And every firstling of an ass thou dost ransom with a lamb, and if thou dost not ransom `it', then thou hast beheaded it: and every first-born of man among thy sons thou dost ransom."
"`And it hath been, when thy son asketh thee hereafter, saying, What  this? that thou hast said unto him, By strength of hand hath Yahweh brought us out from Egypt, from a house of servants;"
"yea, it cometh to pass, when Pharaoh hath been pained to send us away, that Yahweh doth slay every first-born in the land of Egypt, from the first-born of man even unto the first-born of beast; therefore I am sacrificing to Yahweh all opening a womb who `are' males, and every first-born of my sons I ransom;"
"and it hath been for a token on thy hand, and for frontlets between thine eyes, for by strength of hand hath Yahweh brought us out of Egypt.'"
"And it cometh to pass in Pharaoh's sending the people away, that God hath not led them the way of the land of the Philistines, for it  near; for God said, `Lest the people repent in their seeing war, and have turned back towards Egypt;'"
"and God turneth round the people the way of the wilderness of the Red Sea, and by fifties have the sons of Israel gone up from the land of Egypt."
"And Moses taketh the bones of Joseph with him, for he certainly caused the sons of Israel to swear, saying, `God doth certainly inspect you, and ye have brought up my bones from this with you.'"
"And they journey from Succoth, and encamp in Etham at the extremity of the wilderness,"
"and Yahweh is going before them by day in a pillar of a cloud, to lead them in the way, and by night in a pillar of fire, to give light to them, to go by day and by night;"
"He removeth not the pillar of the cloud by day, and the pillar of the fire by night, `from' before the people."
