"Then singeth Moses and the sons of Israel this song to Yahweh, and they speak, saying: -- `I sing to Yahweh, For triumphing He hath triumphed; The horse and its rider He hath thrown into the sea."
"My strength and song is JAH, And He is become my salvation: This  my God, and I glorify Him; God of my father, and I exalt Him."
Yahweh  a man of battle; Yahweh  His name.
Chariots of Pharaoh and his force He hath cast into the sea; And the choice of his captains Have sunk in the Red Sea!
The depths do cover them; They went down into the depths as a stone.
"Thy right hand, O Yahweh, Is become honourable in power; Thy right hand, O Yahweh, Doth crush an enemy."
"And in the abundance of Thine excellency Thou throwest down Thy withstanders, Thou sendest forth Thy wrath -- It consumeth them as stubble."
And by the spirit of Thine anger Have waters been heaped together; Stood as a heap have flowings; Congealed have been depths In the heart of a sea.
"The enemy said, I pursue, I overtake; I apportion spoil; Filled is my soul with them; I draw out my sword; My hand destroyeth them: --"
Thou hast blown with Thy wind The sea hath covered them; They sank as lead in mighty waters.
"Who  like Thee among the gods, O Yahweh? Who  like Thee -- honourable in holiness -- Fearful in praises -- doing wonders?"
Thou hast stretched out Thy right hand -- Earth swalloweth them!
Thou hast led forth in Thy kindness The people whom Thou hast redeemed. Thou hast led on in Thy strength Unto Thy holy habitation.
"Peoples have heard, they are troubled; Pain hath seized inhabitants of Philistia."
Then have chiefs of Edom been troubled: Mighty ones of Moab -- Trembling doth seize them! Melted have all inhabitants of Canaan!
"Fall on them doth terror and dread; By the greatness of Thine arm They are still as a stone, Till Thy people pass over, O Yahweh; Till the people pass over Whom Thou hast purchased."
"Thou dost bring them in, And dost plant them In a mountain of Thine inheritance, A fixed place for Thy dwelling Thou hast made, O Yahweh; A sanctuary, O Lord, Thy hands have established;"
"Yahweh reigneth -- to the age, and for ever!'"
"For the horse of Pharaoh hath gone in with his chariots and with his horsemen into the sea, and Yahweh turneth back on them the waters of the sea, and the sons of Israel have gone on dry land in the midst of the sea."
"And Miriam the inspired one, sister of Aaron, taketh the timbrel in her hand, and all the women go out after her, with timbrels and with choruses;"
"and Miriam answereth to them: -- `Sing ye to Yahweh, For Triumphing He hath triumphed; The horse and its rider He hath thrown into the sea!'"
"And Moses causeth Israel to journey from the Red Sea, and they go out unto the wilderness of Shur, and they go three days in the wilderness, and have not found water,"
"and they come in to Marah, and have not been able to drink the waters of Marah, for they `are' bitter; therefore hath `one' called its name Marah."
"And the people murmur against Moses, saying, `What do we drink?'"
"and he crieth unto Yahweh, and Yahweh sheweth him a tree, and he casteth unto the waters, and the waters become sweet. There He hath made for them a statute, and an ordinance, and there He hath tried them,"
"and He saith, `If thou dost really hearken to the voice of Yahweh thy God, and dost that which is right in His eyes, and hast hearkened to His commands, and kept all His statutes: none of the sickness which I laid on the Egyptians do I lay on thee, for I, Yahweh, am healing thee."
"And they come to Elim, and there `are' twelve fountains of water, and seventy palm trees; and they encamp there by the waters."
