"And Bezaleel, and Aholiab, and every wise-hearted man, in whom Yahweh hath given wisdom and understanding to know to do every work of the service of the sanctuary, have done according to all that Yahweh commanded."
"And Moses calleth unto Bezaleel, and unto Aholiab, and unto every wise-hearted man in whose heart Yahweh hath given wisdom, every one whom his heart lifted up, to come near unto the work to do it."
And they take from before Moses all the heave-offering which the sons of Israel have brought in for the work of the service of the sanctuary to do it; and still they have brought in unto him a willing-offering morning by morning.
"And all the wise men, who are doing all the work of the sanctuary, come each from his work which they are doing,"
"and speak unto Moses, saying, `The people are multiplying to bring in more than sufficient for the service of the work which Yahweh commanded to make.'"
"And Moses commandeth, and they cause a voice to pass over through the camp, saying, `Let not man or woman make any more work for the heave-offering of the sanctuary;' and the people are restrained from bringing,"
"and the work hath been sufficient for them, for all the work, to do it, and to leave."
"And all the wise-hearted ones among the doers of the work make the tabernacle; ten curtains of twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, `with' cherubs, work of a designer, he hath made them."
"The length of the one curtain  eight and twenty by the cubit, and the breadth of the one curtain four by the cubit; one measure  to all the curtains."
"And he joineth the five curtains one unto another, and the `other' five curtains he hath joined one unto another;"
"and he maketh loops of blue on the edge of the one curtain, at the end, in the joining; so he hath made in the edge of the outmost curtain, in the joining of the second;"
"fifty loops he hath made in the one curtain, and fifty loops hath he made in the end of the curtain which  in the joining of the second; the loops are taking hold one on another."
"And he maketh fifty hooks of gold, and joineth the curtains one unto another by the hooks, and the tabernacle is one."
And he maketh curtains of goats' `hair' for a tent over the tabernacle; eleven curtains he hath made them;
"the length of the one curtain  thirty by the cubit, and the breadth of the one curtain  four cubits; one measure  to the eleven curtains;"
"and he joineth the five curtains apart, and the six curtains apart."
"And he maketh fifty loops on the outer edge of the curtain, in the joining; and fifty loops he hath made on the edge of the curtain which is joining the second;"
and he maketh fifty hooks of brass to join the tent -- to be one;
"and he maketh a covering for the tent of rams' skins made red, and a covering of badgers' skins above."
"And he maketh the boards for the tabernacle of shittim wood, standing up;"
"ten cubits  the length of the `one' board, and a cubit and a half the breadth of the `one' board;"
"two handles `are' to the one board, joined one unto another; so he hath made for all the boards of the tabernacle."
And he maketh the boards for the tabernacle; twenty boards for the south side southward;
"and forty sockets of silver he hath made under the twenty boards, two sockets under the one board for its two handles, and two sockets under the other board for its two handles."
"And for the second side of the tabernacle, for the north side, he hath made twenty boards,"
"and their forty sockets of silver, two sockets under the one board, and two sockets under the other board;"
"and for the sides of the tabernacle, westward, hath he made six boards;"
"and two boards hath he made for the corners of the tabernacle, in the two sides;"
"and they have been twins below, and together they are twins at its head, at the one ring; so he hath done to both of them at the two corners;"
"and there have been eight boards; and their sockets of silver `are' sixteen sockets, two sockets under the one board."
"And he maketh bars of shittim wood, five for the boards of the one side of the tabernacle,"
"and five bars for the boards of the second side of the tabernacle, and five bars for the boards of the tabernacle, for the sides westward;"
and he maketh the middle bar to enter into the midst of the boards from end to end;
"and the boards he hath overlaid with gold, and their rings he hath made of gold, places for bars, and he overlayeth the bars with gold."
"And he maketh the vail of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and twined linen, work of a designer he hath made it, `with' cherubs;"
"and he maketh for it four pillars of shittim `wood', and overlayeth them with gold; their pegs `are' of gold; and he casteth for them four sockets of silver."
"And he maketh a covering for the opening of the tent, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and twined linen, work of an embroiderer,"
"also its five pillars, and their pegs; and he overlaid their tops and their fillets `with' gold, and their five sockets `are' brass."
