"Sons of Judah: Pharez, Hezron, and Carmi, and Hur, and Shobal."
"And Reaiah son of Shobal begat Jahath, and Jahath begat Ahumai and Lahad; these `are' families of the Zorathite."
"And these `are' of the father of Etam: Jezreel, and Ishma, and Idbash; and the name of their sister  Hazzelelponi,"
"and Penuel  father of Gedor, and Ezer father of Hushah. These `are' sons of Hur, first-born of Ephratah, father of Beth-Lehem."
"And to Ashhur father of Tekoa were two wives, Helah and Naarah;"
"and Naarah beareth to him Ahuzzam, and Hepher, and Temeni, and Haahashtari: these `are' sons of Naarah."
"And sons of Helah: Zereth, and Zohar, and Ethnan."
"And Coz begat Anub, and Zobebah, and the families of Aharhel son of Harum."
"And Jabez is honoured above his brethren, and his mother called his name Jabez, saying, `Because I have brought forth with grief.'"
"And Jabez calleth to the God of Israel, saying, `If blessing Thou dost bless me, then Thou hast made great my border, and Thy hand hath been with me, and Thou hast kept `me' from evil -- not to grieve me;' and God bringeth in that which he asked."
And Chelub brother of Shuah begat Mehir; he  father of Eshton.
"And Eshton begat Beth-Rapha, and Paseah, and Tehinnah father of Ir-Nahash; these `are' men of Rechah."
"And sons of Kenaz: Othniel, and Seraiah; and sons of Othniel: Hathath."
"And Meonothai begat Ophrah, and Seraiah begat Joab father of the valley of artificers, for they were artificers."
"And sons of Caleb son of Jephunneh: Iru, Elah, and Naam; and sons of Elah, even Kenaz."
"And sons of Jehaleleel: Ziph and Ziphah, Tiria, and Asareel."
"And sons of Ezra `are' Jether, and Mered, and Epher, and Jalon: and she beareth Miriam, and Shammai, and Ishbah father of Eshtemoa."
"And his wife Jehudijah bare Jered father of Gedor, and Heber father of Socho, and Jekuthiel father of Zanoah. And these `are' sons of Bithiah daughter of Pharaoh, whom Mered took,"
"and sons of the wife of Hodiah sister of Nahom: Abi-Keilah the Garmite, and Eshtemoa the Maachathite."
"And sons of Shimon `are' Amnon, and Rinnah, Ben-Hanon, and Tilon; and sons of Ishi: Zoheth, and Ben-Zoheth."
"Sons of Shelah son of Judah: Er father of Lecah, and Laadah father of Mareshah, and the families of the house of the service of fine linen, of the house of Ashbea;"
"and Jokim, and the men of Chozeba, and Joash, and Saraph, who ruled over Moab and Jashubi-Lehem; and these things `are' ancient."
They `are' the potters and inhabitants of Netaim and Gedera; with the king in his work they dwelt there.
"Sons of Simeon: Nemuel, and Jamin, Jarib, Zerah, Shaul;"
"Shallum his son, Mibsam his son, Mishma his son."
"And sons of Mishma: Hammuel his son, Zacchur his son, Shimei his son."
"And to Shimei `are' sixteen sons and six daughters, and to his brethren there are not many sons, and none of their families have multiplied as much as the sons of Judah."
"And they dwell in Beer-Sheba, and Moladah, and Hazar-Shaul,"
"and in Bilhah, and in Ezem, and in Tolad,"
"and in Bethuel, and in Hormah, and in Ziklag,"
"and in Beth-Marcaboth, and in Hazar-Susim, and in Beth-Birei, and in Shaarim; these `are' their cities till the reigning of David."
"And their villages `are' Etam, and Ain, Rimmon, and Tochen, and Ashan, five cities,"
"and all their villages that `are' round about these cities unto Baal; these `are' their dwellings, and they have their genealogy:"
"even Meshobab, and Jamlech, and Joshah son of Amaziah,"
"and Joel, and Jehu son of Josibiah, son of Seraiah, son of Asiel,"
"and Elioenai, and Jaakobah, and Jeshohaiah, and Asaiah, and Adiel, and Jesimiel, and Benaiah,"
"and Ziza son of Shiphi, son of Allon, son of Jedaiah, son of Shimri, son of Shemaiah."
"These who are coming in by name `are' princes in their families, and the house of their fathers have broken forth into a multitude;"
"and they go to the entrance of Gedor, unto the east of the valley, to seek pasture for their flock,"
"and they find pasture, fat and good, and the land broad of sides, and quiet, and safe, for of Ham are those dwelling there before."
"And these who are written by name come in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah, and smite their tents, and the habitations that have been found there, and devote them to destruction unto this day, and dwell in their stead, because pasture for their flock  there."
"And of them, of the sons of Simeon, there have gone to mount Seir, five hundred men, and Pelatiah, and Neariah, and Rephaiah, and Uzziel, sons of Ishi, at their head,"
"and they smite the remnant of those escaped of Amalek, and dwell there unto this day."
