"Hear ye this word that Yahweh hath spoken concerning you, O sons of Israel, concerning all the family that I brought up from the land of Egypt, saying:"
"Only you I have known of all families of the land, Therefore I charge on you all your iniquities."
Do two walk together if they have not met?
"Roar doth a lion in a forest and prey he hath none? Give out doth a young lion his voice from his habitation, If he hath not caught?"
"Doth a bird fall into a snare of the earth, And there is no gin for it? Doth a snare go up from the ground, And prey it captureth not?"
"Is a trumpet blown in a city, And do people not tremble? Is there affliction in a city, And Yahweh hath not done `it'?"
"For the Lord Yahweh doth nothing, Except He hath revealed His counsel unto His servants the prophets."
A lion hath roared -- who doth not fear? The Lord Yahweh hath spoken -- who doth not prophesy?
"Sound ye unto palaces in Ashdod, And to palaces in the land of Egypt, and say: Be ye gathered on mountains of Samaria, And see many troubles within her, And oppressed ones in her midst."
"And they have not known to act straightforwardly, An affirmation of Yahweh, Who are treasuring up violence and spoil in their palaces."
"Therefore, thus said the Lord Yahweh: An adversary -- and surrounding the land, And he hath brought down from thee thy strength, And spoiled have been thy palaces."
"Thus said Yahweh: As the shepherd delivereth from the lion's mouth Two legs, or a piece of an ear, So delivered are the sons of Israel, Who are sitting in Samaria on the corner of a bed, And in Damascus `on that of' a couch."
"Hear ye and testify to the house of Jacob, An affirmation of the Lord Yahweh, God of Hosts."
"For in the day of My charging the transgressions of Israel on him, I have laid a charge on the altars of Beth-El, And cut off have been the horns of the altar, And they have fallen to the earth."
"And I have smitten the winter-house with the summer-house, And perished have houses of ivory, And consumed have been many houses, An affirmation of Yahweh!"
