BRA$'+: created ALH'M the heavens and the earth.
the earth hath existed waste and void, and darkness  on the face of the deep, VRVK ALH'M fluttering on the face of the waters,
and AMR ALH'M, `Let light be;' and light is.
and RA ALH'M the light that `it is' good, and God separateth between the light and the darkness,
and QRA ALH'M| to the light `Day,' and to the darkness He hath called `Night;' and there is an evening, and there is a morning -- day one.
and AMR ALH'M `Let an expanse be in the midst of the waters, and let it be separating between waters and waters.'
and Y$ ALH'M the expanse, and it separateth between the waters which `are' under the expanse, and the waters which `are' above the expanse: and it is so.
and QRA ALH'M to the expanse `Heavens;' and there is an evening, and there is a morning -- day second.
and AMR ALH'M, `Let the waters under the heavens be collected unto one place, and let the dry land be seen:' and it is so.
and QRA ALH'M| to the dry land `Earth,' and to the collection of the waters He hath called `Seas;' and God seeth that `it is' good.
and AMR ALH'M, `Let the earth yield tender grass, herb sowing seed, fruit-tree (whose seed  in itself) making fruit after its kind, on the earth:' and it is so.
And the earth bringeth forth tender grass, herb sowing seed after its kind, and tree making fruit (whose seed  in itself) after its kind; and RA ALH'M that `it is' good;
and there is an evening, and there is a morning -- day third.
and AMR ALH'M, `Let luminaries be in the expanse of the heavens, to make a separation between the day and the night, then they have been for signs, and for seasons, and for days and years,"
and they have been for luminaries in the expanse of the heavens to give light upon the earth:' and it is so.
and Y$ ALH'M the two great luminaries, the great luminary for the rule of the day, and the small luminary for the rule of the night -- the stars too;
and giveth them, ALH'M, in the expanse of the heavens to give light upon the earth,
and to rule over day and over night, and to make a separation between the light and the darkness; and RA ALH'M that `it is' good;
and there is an evening, and there is a morning -- day fourth.
and AMR ALH'M, `Let the waters teem with the teeming living creature, and fowl let fly on the earth on the face of the expanse of the heavens.'
and BRA ALH'M the great monsters, and every living creature that is creeping, which the waters have teemed with, after their kind, and every fowl with wing, after its kind, and RA ALH'M that `it is' good.
And blesseth them, ALH'M, saying, `Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the waters in the seas, and the fowl let multiply in the earth:'
and there is an evening, and there is a morning -- day fifth.
and AMR ALH'M, `Let the earth bring forth the living creature after its kind, cattle and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after its kind:' and it is so.
and Y$ ALH'M the beast of the earth after its kind, and the cattle after their kind, and every creeping thing of the ground after its kind, and God seeth that `it is' good.
and AMR ALH'M, `Let Us make man in Our image, according to Our likeness, and let them rule over fish of the sea, and over fowl of the heavens, and over cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that is creeping on the earth.'
and BRA ALH'M| the man in His image; in the image of ALH'M He prepared him, a male and a female He prepared them.
And blesseth them, ALH'M, and saith to them, ALH'M, `Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill the earth, and subdue it, and rule over fish of the sea, and over fowl of the heavens, and over every living thing that is creeping upon the earth.'
and AMR ALH'M, `Lo, I have given to you every herb sowing seed, which  upon the face of all the earth, and every tree in which  the fruit of a tree sowing seed, to you it is for food;
and to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the heavens, and to every creeping thing on the earth, in which  breath of life, every green herb  for food:' and it is so.
and RA ALH'M all that He hath done, and lo, very good; and there is an evening, and there is a morning -- day the sixth."
