"Wo, spoiler! and thou not spoiled, And treacherous! and they dealt not treacherously with thee, When thou dost finish, O spoiler, thou art spoiled, When thou dost finish dealing treacherously, They deal treacherously with thee."
"O Yahweh, favour us, for thee we have waited, Be their arm, in the mornings, Yea, our salvation in time of adversity."
"From the voice of a multitude fled have peoples, From thine exaltation scattered have been nations."
"And gathered hath been your spoil, A gathering of the caterpillar, As a running to and fro of locusts is he running on it."
"Set on high is Yahweh, for He is dwelling on high, He filled Zion `with' judgment and righteousness,"
"And hath been the stedfastness of thy times, The strength of salvation, wisdom, and knowledge, Fear of Yahweh -- it  His treasure."
"Lo, `Their Ariel,' they have cried without, Messengers of peace do weep bitterly."
"Desolated have been highways, Ceased hath he who passeth along the path, He hath broken covenant, He hath despised enemies, He hath not esteemed a man."
"Mourned, languished hath the land, Confounded hath been Lebanon, Withered hath been Sharon as a wilderness, And shaking are Bashan and Carmel."
"Now, do I arise, saith Yahweh, Now I am exalted, now I am lifted up."
"Ye conceive chaff, ye bear stubble, Your spirit! -- fire devoureth you."
"And peoples have been `as' burnings of lime, Thorns, as sweepings, with fire they burn."
"Hear, ye far off, that which I have done, And know, ye near ones, My might."
"Afraid in Zion have been sinners, Seized hath trembling the profane: Who doth dwell for us -- consuming fire, Who doth dwell for us -- burnings of the age?"
"Whoso is walking righteously, And is speaking uprightly, Kicking against gain of oppressions, Shaking his hands from taking hold on a bribe, Stopping his ear from hearing of blood, And shutting his eyes from looking on evil,"
"He high places doth inhabit, Strongholds of rock `are' his high tower, His bread hath been given, his waters stedfast."
"A king in his beauty, see do thine eyes, They see a land afar off."
"Thy heart doth meditate terror, Where  he who is counting? Where  he who is weighing? Where  he who is counting the towers?"
"The strong people thou seest not, A people deeper of lip than to be understood, Of a scorned tongue, there is no understanding."
"See Zion, the city of our meetings, Thine eyes see Jerusalem a quiet habitation, A tent not taken down, Not removed are its pins for ever, And none of its cords are broken."
"But there mighty  Yahweh for us, A place of rivers -- streams broad of sides, No ship with oars doth go into it, And a mighty ship doth not pass over it."
"For Yahweh our judge, Yahweh our lawgiver, Yahweh our king -- He doth save us."
"Left have been thy ropes, They strengthen not rightly their mast, They have not spread out a sail, Then apportioned hath been a prey of much spoil, The lame have taken spoil."
"Nor doth an inhabitant say, `I was sick,' The people that is dwelling in it, is forgiven of iniquity!"
