"Come near, ye nations, to hear, And ye peoples, give attention, Hear doth the earth and its fulness, The world, and all its productions."
"For wrath  to Yahweh against all the nations, And fury against all their host, He hath devoted them to destruction, He hath given them to slaughter."
"And their wounded are cast out, And their carcases cause their stench to ascend, And melted have been mountains from their blood."
"And consumed have been all the host of the heavens, And rolled together as a book have been the heavens, And all their hosts do fade, As the fading of a leaf of a vine, And as the fading one of a fig-tree."
"For soaked in the heavens was My sword, Lo, on Edom it cometh down, On the people of My curse for judgment."
"A sword  to Yahweh -- it hath been full of blood, It hath been made fat with fatness, With blood of lambs and he-goats. With fat of kidneys of rams, For a sacrifice  to Yahweh in Bozrah, And a great slaughter in the land of Edom."
"And come down have reems with them, And bullocks with bulls, And soaked hath been their land from blood, And their dust from fatness is made fat."
"(For a day of vengeance  to Yahweh, A year of recompences for Zion's strife,)"
"And turned have been her streams to pitch, And her dust to brimstone, And her land hath become burning pitch."
"By night and by day she is not quenched, To the age go up doth her smoke, From generation to generation she is waste, For ever and ever, none is passing into her."
"And possess her do pelican and hedge-hog, And owl and raven dwell in her, And He hath stretched out over her A line of vacancy, and stones of emptiness."
"`To' the kingdom her freemen they call, But there are none there, And all her princes are at an end."
"And gone up her palaces have thorns, Nettle and bramble `are' in her fortresses, And it hath been a habitation of dragons, A court for daughters of an ostrich."
"And met have Ziim with Aiim, And the goat for its companion calleth, Only there rested hath the night-owl, And hath found for herself a place of rest."
"There made her nest hath the bittern, Yea, she layeth, and hath hatched, And hath gathered under her shadow, Only there gathered have been vultures, Each with its companion."
"Seek out of the book of Yahweh, and read, One of these hath not been lacking, None hath missed its companion, For My mouth -- it hath commanded, And His spirit -- He hath gathered them."
"And He hath cast for them a lot, And His hand hath apportioned `it' to them by line, Unto the age they possess it, To all generations they dwell in it!"
