"Lo, My servant, I take hold on him, My chosen one -- My soul hath accepted, I have put My Spirit upon him, Judgment to nations he bringeth forth."
"He doth not cry, nor lift up, Nor cause his voice to be heard, in the street."
"A bruised reed he breaketh not, And dim flax he quencheth not, To truth he bringeth forth judgment."
"He doth not become weak nor bruised, Till he setteth judgment in the earth, And for his law isles wait with hope."
"Thus said God, Yahweh, preparing The heavens, and stretching them out, Spreading out the earth and its productions, Giving breath to the people on it, And spirit to those walking in it."
"I, Yahweh, did call thee in righteousness, And I lay hold on thy hand, and keep thee, And I give thee for a covenant of a people, And a light of nations."
"To open the eyes of the blind, To bring forth from prison the bound one, From the house of restraint those sitting in darkness."
"I `am' Yahweh, this  My name, And Mine honour to another I give not, Nor My praise to graven images."
"The former things, lo, have come, And new things I am declaring, Before they spring up I cause you to hear."
"Sing to Yahweh a new song, His praise from the end of the earth, Ye who are going down to the sea, and its fulness, Isles, and their inhabitants."
"The wilderness and its cities do lift up `the voice', The villages Kedar doth inhabit, Sing do the inhabitants of Sela, From the top of mountains they cry."
"They ascribe to Yahweh honour, And His praise in the isles they declare."
"Yahweh as a mighty one goeth forth. As a man of war He stirreth up zeal, He crieth, yea, He shrieketh, Against His enemies He showeth Himself mighty."
"I have kept silent from of old, I keep silent, I refrain myself, As a travailing woman I cry out, I desolate and swallow up together."
"I make waste mountains and hills, And all their herbs I dry up, And I have made rivers become isles, And ponds I dry up."
"And I have caused the blind to go, In a way they have not known, In paths they have not known I cause them to tread, I make a dark place before them become light, And unlevelled places become a plain, These `are' the things I have done to them, And I have not forsaken them."
"Removed backward -- utterly ashamed, Are those trusting in a graven image, Those saying to a molten image, `Ye `are' our gods.'"
"Ye deaf, hear; and ye blind, look to see."
"Who  blind but My servant? And deaf as My messenger I send? Who  blind as he who is at peace, Yea, blind, as the servant of Yahweh?"
"Seeing many things, and thou observest not, Opening ears, and he heareth not."
"Yahweh hath delight for the sake of His righteousness, He magnifieth law, and maketh honourable."
"And this  a people seized and spoiled, Snared in holes -- all of them, And in houses of restraint they were hidden, They have been for a prey, And there is no deliverer, A spoil, and none is saying, `Restore.'"
"Who among you giveth ear `to' this? Attendeth, and heareth afterwards."
"Who hath given Jacob for a spoil, And Israel to the spoilers? Is it not Yahweh -- He against whom we sinned? Yea, they have not been willing in His ways to walk, Nor have they hearkened to His law."
"And He poureth on him fury, His anger, and the strength of battle, And it setteth him on fire round about, And he hath not known, And it burneth against him, and he layeth it not to heart!"
