And Miriam speaketh -- Aaron also -- against Moses concerning the circumstance of the Cushite woman whom he had taken: for a Cushite woman he had taken;
"and they say, `Only by Moses hath Yahweh spoken? also by us hath he not spoken?' and Yahweh heareth."
"And the man Moses  very humble, more than any of the men who `are' on the face of the ground."
"And Yahweh saith suddenly unto Moses, and unto Aaron, and unto Miriam, `Come out ye three unto the tent of meeting;' and they three come out."
"And Yahweh cometh down in the pillar of the cloud, and standeth at the opening of the tent, and calleth Aaron and Miriam, and they come out both of them."
"And He saith, `Hear, I pray you, My words: If your prophet is of Yahweh -- in an appearance unto him I make Myself known; in a dream I speak with him;"
not so My servant Moses; in all My house he  stedfast;
"mouth unto mouth I speak with him, and `by' an appearance, and not in riddles; and the form of Yahweh he beholdeth attentively; and wherefore have ye not been afraid to speak against My servant -- against Moses?'"
"And the anger of Yahweh burneth against them, and He goeth on,"
"and the cloud hath turned aside from off the tent, and lo, Miriam  leprous as snow; and Aaron turneth unto Miriam, and lo, leprous!"
"And Aaron saith unto Moses, `O, my lord, I pray thee, lay not upon us sin `in' which we have been foolish, and `in' which we have sinned;"
"let her not, I pray thee, be as `one' dead, when in his coming out from the womb of his mother -- the half of his flesh is consumed.'"
"And Moses crieth unto Yahweh, saying, `O God, I pray Thee, give, I pray Thee, healing to her.'"
"And Yahweh saith unto Moses, `And her father had but spat in her face -- is she not ashamed seven days? she is shut out seven days at the outside of the camp, and afterwards she is gathered.'"
"And Miriam is shut out at the outside of the camp seven days, and the people hath not journeyed till Miriam is gathered;"
"and afterwards have the people journeyed from Hazeroth, and they encamp in the wilderness of Paran."
