"And Yahweh hath looked after Sarah as He hath said, and Yahweh doth to Sarah as He hath spoken;"
"and Sarah conceiveth, and beareth a son to Abraham, to his old age, at the appointed time that God hath spoken of with him;"
"and Abraham calleth the name of his son who is born to him, whom Sarah hath born to him -- Isaac;"
"and Abraham circumciseth Isaac his son, `being' a son of eight days, as God hath commanded him."
"And Abraham  a son of a hundred years in Isaac his son being born to him,"
"and Sarah saith, `God hath made laughter for me; every one who is hearing laugheth for me.'"
"She saith also, `Who hath said to Abraham, Sarah hath suckled sons, that I have born a son for his old age?'"
"And the lad groweth, and is weaned, and Abraham maketh a great banquet in the day of Isaac's being weaned;"
"and Sarah seeth the son of Hagar the Egyptian, whom she hath borne to Abraham, mocking,"
"and she saith to Abraham, `Cast out this handmaid and her son; for the son of this handmaid hath no possession with my son -- with Isaac.'"
"And the thing is very wrong in the eyes of Abraham, for his son's sake;"
"and God saith unto Abraham, `Let it not be wrong in thine eyes because of the youth, and because of thy handmaid: all that Sarah saith unto thee -- hearken to her voice, for in Isaac is a seed called to thee."
"As to the son of the handmaid also, for a nation I set him, because he  thy seed.'"
"And Abraham riseth early in the morning, and taketh bread, and a bottle of water, and giveth unto Hagar (placing `it' on her shoulder), also the lad, and sendeth her out; and she goeth on, and goeth astray in the wilderness of Beer-Sheba;"
"and the water is consumed from the bottle, and she placeth the lad under one of the shrubs."
"And she goeth and sitteth by herself over-against, afar off, about a bow-shot, for she said, `Let me not look on the death of the lad;' and she sitteth over-against, and lifteth up her voice, and weepeth."
"And God heareth the voice of the youth; and the messenger of God calleth unto Hagar from the heavens, and saith to her, `What to thee, Hagar? fear not; for God hath hearkened unto the voice of the youth where he ;"
"rise, lift up the youth, and lay hold on him with thy hand, for for a great nation I set him.'"
"And God openeth her eyes, and she seeth a well of water, and she goeth and filleth the bottle `with' water, and causeth the youth to drink;"
"and God is with the youth, and he groweth, and dwelleth in the wilderness, and is an archer;"
"and he dwelleth in the wilderness of Paran, and his mother taketh for him a wife from the land of Egypt."
"And it cometh to pass at that time that Abimelech speaketh -- Phichol also, head of his host -- unto Abraham, saying, `God  with thee in all that thou art doing;"
"and now, swear to me by God here: thou dost not lie to me, or to my continuator, or to my successor; according to the kindness which I have done with thee thou dost with me, and with the land in which thou hast sojourned.'"
"And Abraham saith, `I -- I do swear.'"
"And Abraham reasoned with Abimelech concerning the matter of a well of water which Abimelech's servants have taken violently away,"
"and Abimelech saith, `I have not known who hath done this thing, and even thou didst not declare to me, and I also, I have not heard save to-day.'"
"And Abraham taketh sheep and oxen, and giveth to Abimelech, and they make, both of them, a covenant;"
and Abraham setteth seven Lambs of the flock by themselves.
"And Abimelech saith unto Abraham, `What `are' they -- these seven lambs which thou hast set by themselves?'"
"And he saith, `For -- the seven lambs thou dost accept from my hand, so that it becometh a witness for me that I have digged this well;'"
"therefore hath he called that place `Beer-Sheba,' for there have both of them sworn."
"And they make a covenant in Beer-Sheba, and Abimelech riseth -- Phichol also, head of his host -- and they turn back unto the land of the Philistines;"
"and `Abraham' planteth a tamarask in Beer-Sheba, and preacheth there in the name of Yahweh, God age-during;"
and Abraham sojourneth in the land of the Philistines many days.
