"And it cometh to pass that mankind have begun to multiply on the face of the ground, and daughters have been born to them,"
"and V'RAV, BN' of ALH'M, the daughters of men that they `are' fair, and they take to themselves women of all whom they have chosen."
"And 'HVH saith, `My Spirit doth not strive in man -- to the age; in their erring they `are' flesh:' and his days have been an hundred and twenty years."
"The fallen ones were in the earth in those days, and even afterwards when sons HALH'M come in unto daughters of men, and they have borne to them -- they `are' the heroes, who, from of old, `are' the men of name."
"And 'HVH seeth that abundant  the wickedness of man in the earth, and every imagination of the thoughts of his heart only evil all the day;"
"and 'HVH repenteth that He hath made man in the earth, and He grieveth Himself -- unto His heart."
"And 'HVH saith, `I wipe away man whom I have prepared from off the face of the ground, from man unto beast, unto creeping thing, and unto fowl of the heavens, for I have repented that I have made them.'"
And Noah found grace in the eyes of 'HVH.
These `are' births of Noah: Noah  a righteous man; perfect he hath been among his generations; HALH'M hath Noah walked habitually.
"And Noah begetteth three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth."
"And the earth is corrupt before God, and the earth is filled `with' violence."
"And seeth ALH'M the earth, and lo, it hath been corrupted, for all flesh hath corrupted its way on the earth."
"And said ALH'M to Noah, `An end of all flesh hath come before Me, for the earth hath been full of violence from their presence; and lo, I am destroying them with the earth."
"`Make for thyself an ark of gopher-wood; rooms dost thou make with the ark, and thou hast covered it within and without with cypress;"
"and this  that which thou dost with it: three hundred cubits  the length of the ark, fifty cubits its breadth, and thirty cubits its height;"
"a window dost thou make for the ark, and unto a cubit thou dost restrain it from above; and the opening of the ark thou dost put in its side, -- lower, second, and third `stories' dost thou make it."
"`And I, lo, I am bringing in the deluge of waters on the earth to destroy all flesh, in which  a living spirit, from under the heavens; all that  in the earth doth expire."
"`And I have established My covenant with thee, and thou hast come in unto the ark, thou, and thy sons, and thy wife, and thy son's wives with thee;"
"and of all that liveth, of all flesh, two of every `sort' thou dost bring in unto the ark, to keep alive with thee; male and female are they."
"Of the fowl after its kind, and of the cattle after their kind, of every creeping thing of the ground after its kind, two of every `sort' they come in unto thee, to keep alive."
"`And thou, take to thyself of all food that is eaten; and thou hast gathered unto thyself, and it hath been to thee and to them for food.'"
And Noah doth according to all that ALH'M hath commanded him; so hath he done.
