And I commend you to Phebe our sister -- being a ministrant of the assembly that  in Cenchrea --
"that ye may receive her in the Lord, as doth become holy-ones, and may assist her in whatever matter she may have need of you -- for she also became a leader of many, and of myself."
"Salute Priscilla and Aquilas, my fellow-workmen in Christ Jesus --"
"who for my life their own neck did lay down, to whom not only I give thanks, but also all the assemblies of the nations --"
"and the assembly at their house; salute Epaenetus, my beloved, who is 'aparxy of Achaia to Christ."
"Salute Mary, who did labour much for us;"
"salute Andronicus and Junias, my kindred, and my fellow-captives, who are of note among the apostles, who also have been in Christ before me."
"Salute Amplias, my beloved in the Lord;"
"salute Arbanus, our fellow-workman in Christ, and Stachys, my beloved;"
"salute Apelles, the approved in Christ; salute those of the `household' of Aristobulus;"
"salute Herodion, my kinsman; salute those of the `household' of Narcissus, who are in the Lord;"
"salute Tryphaena, and Tryphosa, who are labouring in the Lord; salute Persis, the beloved, who did labour much in the Lord."
"Salute Rufus, the choice one in the Lord, and his mother and mine,"
"salute Asyncritus, Phlegon, Hermas, Patrobas, Hermes, and the brethren with them;"
"salute Philologus, and Julias, Nereus, and his sister, and Olympas, and all the holy-ones with them;"
salute one another in a holy kiss; the assemblies of Christ do salute you.
"And I call upon you, brethren, to mark those who the divisions and the stumbling-blocks, contrary to the teaching that ye did learn, are causing, and turn ye away from them;"
"for such our Lord Jesus Christ do not serve, but their own belly; and through the good word and fair speech they deceive the hearts of the harmless,"
"for your obedience did reach to all; I rejoice, therefore, as regards you, and I wish you to be wise, indeed, as to the good, and harmless as to the evil;"
and the God of the peace shall bruise the Adversary under your feet quickly; the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ `be' with you. Amen!
"Salute you do Timotheus, my fellow-workman, and Lucius, and Jason, and Sosipater, my kindred;"
I Tertius salute you (who wrote the letter) in the Lord;
"salute you doth Gaius, my host, and of the whole assembly; salute you doth Erastus, the steward of the city, and Quartus the brother,"
the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ `be' with you all. Amen.
"And to Him who is able to establish you, according to my good news, and the preaching of Jesus Christ, according to the revelation of the secret, in the times of the ages having been kept silent,"
"and now having been made manifest, also, through prophetic writings, according to a command of the age-during God, having been made known to all the nations for obedience of faith --"
"to the only wise God, through Jesus Christ, to him `be' glory to the ages. Amen."
