"They asked of Yahweh rain in a time of latter rain, Yahweh is making lightnings, And rain `in' showers He doth give to them. To each -- the herb in the field."
"Because the teraphim did speak iniquity, And the diviners have seen a falsehood, And dreams of the vanity they speak, `With' vanity they give comfort, Therefore they have journeyed as a flock, They are afflicted, for there is no shepherd."
"Against the shepherds did Mine anger burn, And against the he-goats I lay a charge, For inspected hath Yahweh of Hosts His flock, the house of Judah, And set them as His beauteous horse in battle."
"From him  a corner-stone, From him a nail, from him a battle-bow, From him goeth forth every exactor together."
"And they have been as heroes, Treading in mire of out-places in battle, And they have fought, for Yahweh  with them, And have put to shame riders of horses."
"And I have made mighty the house of Judah, And the house of Joseph I do save, And I have caused them to dwell, for I have loved them, And they have been as `if' I had not cast them off, For I `am' Yahweh their God, And I answer them."
"And Ephraim hath been as a hero, And rejoiced hath their heart as wine, And their sons see, and they have rejoiced, Rejoice doth their heart in Yahweh."
"I hist for them, and I gather them, For I have redeemed them, And they have multiplied as they did multiply."
"And I sow them among peoples, And in far-off places they remember Me, And they have lived with their sons, And they have turned back."
"And I have brought them back from the land of Egypt, And from Asshur I do gather them, And unto the land of Gilead and Lebanon I do bring them in, And there is not found for them `space'."
"And He hath passed over through the sea, And hath pressed and smitten billows in the sea, And dried up have been all depths of a flood, And brought down hath been the excellency of Asshur, And the rod of Egypt doth turn aside."
"And I have made them mighty in Yahweh, And in His name they walk up and down, An affirmation of Yahweh!"
