"Thus hath the Lord Yahweh shewed me, and lo, He is forming locusts at the beginning of the ascending of the latter growth, and lo, the latter growth  after the mowings of the king;"
"and it hath come to pass, when it hath finished to consume the herb of the land, that I say: `Lord Yahweh, forgive, I pray Thee, How doth Jacob arise -- for he  small?'"
"Yahweh hath repented of this, `It shall not be,' said Yahweh."
"Thus hath the Lord Yahweh shewed me, and lo, the Lord Yahweh is calling to contend by fire, and it consumeth the great deep, yea, it hath consumed the portion, and I say:"
"`Lord Yahweh, cease, I pray Thee, How doth Jacob arise -- for he  small?'"
"Yahweh hath repented of this, `It also shall not be,' said the Lord Yahweh."
"Thus hath He shewed me, and lo, the Lord is standing by a wall `made according to' a plumb-line, and in His hand a plumb-line;"
"and Yahweh saith unto me, `What art thou seeing, Amos?' And I say, `A plumb-line;' and the Lord saith: `Lo, I am setting a plumb-line in the midst of My people Israel, I do not add any more to pass over to it."
"And desolated have been high places of Isaac, And sanctuaries of Israel are wasted, And I have risen against the house of Jeroboam with a sword.'"
"And Amaziah priest of Beth-El sendeth unto Jeroboam king of Israel, saying, `Amos hath conspired against thee in the midst of the house of Israel; the land is not able to bear all his words,"
"for thus said Amos: By sword die doth Jeroboam, And Israel certainly removeth from off its land.'"
"And Amaziah saith unto Amos, `Seer, go flee for thee unto the land of Judah, and eat there bread, and there thou dost prophesy;"
"and `at' Beth-El do not add to prophesy any more, for it  the king's sanctuary, and it  the royal house.'"
"And Amos answereth and saith unto Amaziah, `I `am' no prophet, nor a prophet's son `am' I, but a herdsman I `am', and a cultivator of sycamores,"
"and Yahweh taketh me from after the flock, and Yahweh saith unto me, Go, prophesy unto My people Israel."
"And now, hear a word of Yahweh: thou art saying, Do not prophesy against Israel, nor drop `any thing' against the house of Isaac,"
"therefore thus said Yahweh: Thy wife in the city doth go a-whoring, And thy sons and thy daughters by sword do fall, And thy land by line is apportioned, And thou on an unclean land diest, And Israel certainly removeth from off its land.'"
