"And Yahweh speaketh unto Moses, saying,"
"`Speak unto the sons of Israel, and thou hast said unto them, I `am' Yahweh your God;"
"according to the work of the land of Egypt in which ye have dwelt ye do not, and according to the work of the land of Canaan whither I am bringing you in, ye do not, and in their statutes ye walk not."
"`My judgments ye do, and My statutes ye keep, to walk in them; I `am' Yahweh your God;"
and ye have kept My statutes and My judgments which man doth and liveth in them; I `am' Yahweh.
`None of you unto any relation of his flesh doth draw near to uncover nakedness; I `am' Yahweh.
"`The nakedness of thy father and the nakedness of thy mother thou dost not uncover, she  thy mother; thou dost not uncover her nakedness."
`The nakedness of the wife of thy father thou dost not uncover; it  the nakedness of thy father.
"`The nakedness of thy sister, daughter of thy father, or daughter of thy mother, born at home or born without; thou dost not uncover their nakedness."
"`The nakedness of thy son's daughter, or of thy daughter's daughter: thou dost not uncover their nakedness; for theirs  thy nakedness."
"`The nakedness of a daughter of thy father's wife, begotten of thy father, she  thy sister; thou dost not uncover her nakedness."
`The nakedness of a sister of thy father thou dost not uncover; she  a relation of thy father.
`The nakedness of thy mother's sister thou dost not uncover; for she  thy mother's relation.
`The nakedness of thy father's brother thou dost not uncover; unto his wife thou dost not draw near; she  thine aunt.
`The nakedness of thy daughter-in-law thou dost not uncover; she  thy son's wife; thou dost not uncover her nakedness.
`The nakedness of thy brother's wife thou dost not uncover; it  thy brother's nakedness.
"`The nakedness of a woman and her daughter thou dost not uncover; her son's daughter, and her daughter's daughter thou dost not take to uncover her nakedness; they `are' her relations; it  wickedness."
"`And a woman unto another thou dost not take, to be an adversary, to uncover her nakedness beside her, in her life."
`And unto a woman in the separation of her uncleanness thou dost not draw near to uncover her nakedness.
"`And unto the wife of thy fellow thou dost not give thy seed of copulation, for uncleanness with her."
`And of thy seed thou dost not give to pass over to the Molech; nor dost thou pollute the name of thy God; I `am' Yahweh.
`And with a male thou dost not lie as one lieth with a woman; abomination it .
"`And with any beast thou dost not give thy copulation, for uncleanness with it; and a woman doth not stand before a beast to lie down with it; confusion it ."
"`Ye are not defiled with all these, for with all these have the nations been defiled which I am sending away from before you;"
"and the land is defiled, and I charge its iniquity upon it, and the land vomiteth out its inhabitants:"
"and ye -- ye have kept My statutes and My judgments, and do not `any' of all these abominations, the native and the sojourner who is sojourning in your midst,"
"(for all these abominations have the men of the land done who `are' before you, and the land is defiled),"
"and the land doth not vomit you out in your defiling it, as it hath vomited out the nation which  before you;"
"for any one who doth `any' of all these abominations -- even the persons who are doing `so', have been cut off from the midst of their people;"
"and ye have kept My charge, so as not to do `any' of the abominable statutes which have been done before you, and ye do not defile yourselves with them; I `am' Yahweh your God.'"
