"And Yahweh speaketh unto Moses, and unto Aaron, saying,"
"`Each by his standard, with ensigns of the house of their fathers, do the sons of Israel encamp; over-against round about the tent of meeting they encamp.'"
"And those encamping eastward towards the sun-rising, `are of' the standard of the camp of Judah, by their hosts; and the prince of the sons of Judah  Nahshon, son of Amminadab;"
"and his host, and their numbered ones, `are' four and seventy thousand and six hundred."
And those encamping by him `are of' the tribe of Issachar; and the prince of the sons of Issachar  Nethaneel son of Zuar;
"and his host, and its numbered ones, `are' four and fifty thousand and four hundred."
The tribe of Zebulun; and the prince of the sons of Zebulun  Eliab son of Helon;
"and his host, and its numbered ones, `are' seven and fifty thousand and four hundred;"
"all those numbered of the camp of Judah `are' a hundred thousand, and eighty thousand, and six thousand, and four hundred, by their hosts; they journey first."
"The standard of the camp of Reuben  southward, by their hosts; and the prince of the sons of Reuben  Elizur son of Shedeur;"
"and his host, and its numbered ones, `are' six and forty thousand and five hundred."
And those encamping by him `are of' the tribe of Simeon; and the prince of the sons of Simeon  Shelumiel son of Zurishaddai;
"and his host, and their numbered ones, `are' nine and fifty thousand and three hundred."
And the tribe of Gad; and the prince of the sons of Gad  Eliasaph son of Reuel;
"and his host, and their numbered ones, `are' five and forty thousand and six hundred and fifty."
"All those numbered of the camp of Reuben `are' a hundred thousand, and one and fifty thousand, and four hundred and fifty, by their hosts; and they journey second."
"And the tent of meeting -- the camp of the Levites -- hath journeyed in the midst of the camps; as they encamp so they journey, each at his station by their standards."
"The standard of the camp of Ephraim, by their hosts,  westward; and the prince of the sons of Ephraim  Elishama son of Ammihud;"
"and his host, and their numbered ones, `are' forty thousand and five hundred."
And by him  the tribe of Manasseh; and the prince of the sons of Manasseh  Gamaliel son of Pedahzur;
"and his host, and their numbered ones, `are' two and thirty thousand, and two hundred."
And the tribe of Benjamin; and the prince of the sons of Benjamin  Abidan son of Gideoni;
"and his host, and their numbered ones, `are' five and thirty thousand and four hundred."
"All those numbered of the camp of Ephraim `are' a hundred thousand, and eight thousand, and a hundred, by their hosts; and they journey third."
"The standard of the camp of Dan  northward, by their hosts; and the prince of the sons of Dan  Ahiezer son of Ammishaddai;"
"and his host, and their numbered ones, `are' two and sixty thousand and seven hundred."
And those encamping by him `are of' the tribe of Asher; and the prince of the sons of Asher  Pagiel son of Ocran;
"and his host, and their numbered ones, `are' one and forty thousand and five hundred."
And the tribe of Naphtali; and the prince of the sons of Naphtali  Ahira son of Enan;
"and his host, and their numbered ones, `are' three and fifty thousand and four hundred."
"All those numbered of the camp of Dan `are' a hundred thousand, and seven and fifty thousand, and six hundred; at the rear they journey, by their standards."
"These `are' those numbered of the sons of Israel by the house of their fathers; all those numbered of the camps by their hosts `are' six hundred thousand, and three thousand, and five hundred and fifty."
"And the Levites have not numbered themselves in the midst of the sons of Israel, as Yahweh hath commanded Moses."
"And the sons of Israel do according to all that Yahweh hath commanded Moses; so they have encamped by their standards, and so they have journeyed; each by his families, by the house of his fathers."
