"And Balaam saith unto Balak, `Build for me in this `place' seven altars, and make ready for me in this `place' seven bullocks and seven rams.'"
"And Balak doth as Balaam hath spoken, and Balak -- Balaam also -- offereth a bullock and a ram on the altar,"
"and Balaam saith to Balak, `Station thyself by thy burnt-offering and I go on, it may be Yahweh doth come to meet me, and the thing which He sheweth me -- I have declared to thee;' and he goeth `to' a high place."
"And God cometh unto Balaam, and he saith unto Him, `The seven altars I have arranged, and I offer a bullock and a ram on the altar;'"
"and Yahweh putteth a word in the mouth of Balaam, and saith, `Turn back unto Balak, and thus thou dost speak.'"
"And he turneth back unto him, and lo, he is standing by his burnt-offering, he and all the princes of Moab."
"And he taketh up his simile, and saith: `From Aram he doth lead me -- Balak king of Moab; From mountains of the east: Come -- curse for me Jacob, And come -- be indignant `with' Israel."
What -- do I pierce? -- God hath not pierced! And what -- am I indignant? -- Yahweh hath not been indignant!
"For from the top of rocks I see it, And from heights I behold it; Lo a people! alone it doth tabernacle, And among nations doth not reckon itself."
"Who hath counted the dust of Jacob, And the number of the fourth of Israel? Let me die the death of upright ones, And let my last end be like his!'"
"And Balak saith unto Balaam, `What hast thou done to me? to pierce mine enemies I have taken thee -- and lo, thou hast certainly blessed;'"
"and he answereth and saith, `That which Yahweh doth put in my mouth -- it do I not take heed to speak?'"
"And Balak saith unto him, `Come, I pray thee, with me unto another place, whence thou dost see it, only its extremity thou dost see, and all of it thou dost not see, and pierce it for me thence;'"
"and he taketh him `to' the field of Zophim, unto the top of Pisgah, and buildeth seven altars, and offereth a bullock and a ram on the altar."
"And he saith unto Balak, `Station thyself here by thy burnt-offering, and I -- I meet `Him' there;'"
"and Yahweh cometh unto Balaam, and setteth a word in his mouth, and saith, `Turn back unto Balak, and thus thou dost speak.'"
"And he cometh unto him, and lo, he is standing by his burnt-offering, and the princes of Moab with him, and Balak saith to him: `What hath Yahweh spoken?'"
"And he taketh up his simile, and saith: `Rise, Balak, and hear; Give ear unto me, son of Zippor!"
"God  not a man -- and lieth, And a son of man -- and repenteth! Hath He said -- and doth He not do `it'? And spoken -- and doth He not confirm it?"
"Lo, to bless I have received: Yea, He blesseth, and I `can'not reverse it."
"He hath not beheld iniquity in Jacob, Nor hath He seen perverseness in Israel; Yahweh his God  with him, And a shout of a king  in him."
"God is bringing them out from Egypt, As the swiftness of a Reem is to him;"
"For no enchantment  against Jacob, Nor divination against Israel, At the time it is said of Jacob and Israel, What hath God wrought!"
"Lo, the people as a lioness riseth, And as a lion he lifteth himself up, He lieth not down till he eateth prey, And blood of pierced ones doth drink.'"
"And Balak saith unto Balaam, `Neither pierce it at all, nor bless it at all;'"
"and Balaam answereth and saith unto Balak, `Have I not spoken unto thee, saying, All that Yahweh speaketh -- it I do?'"
"And Balak saith unto Balaam, `Come, I pray thee, I take thee unto another place; it may be it is right in the eyes of God -- to pierce it for me from thence.'"
"And Balak taketh Balaam to the top of Peor, which is looking on the front of the wilderness,"
"and Balaam saith unto Balak, `Build for me in this `place' seven altars, and make ready for me in this `place' seven bullocks and seven rams;'"
"and Balak doth as Balaam said, and he offereth a bullock and a ram on an altar."
