"And Balaam seeth that `it is' good in the eyes of Yahweh to bless Israel, and he hath not gone as time by time to meet enchantments, and he setteth towards the wilderness his face;"
"and Balaam lifteth up his eyes, and seeth Israel tabernacling, by its tribes, and the Spirit of God is upon him,"
"and he taketh up his simile, and saith: `An affirmation of Balaam son of Beor -- And an affirmation of the man whose eyes are shut --"
"An affirmation of him who is hearing sayings of God -- Who a vision of the Almighty seeth, Falling -- and eyes uncovered:"
"How good have been thy tents, O Jacob, Thy tabernacles, O Israel;"
"As valleys they have been stretched out, As gardens by a river; As aloes Yahweh hath planted, As cedars by waters;"
"He maketh water flow from his buckets, And his seed  in many waters; And higher than Agag  his king, And exalted is his kingdom."
"God is bringing him out of Egypt; As the swiftness of a Reem is to him, He eateth up nations his adversaries, And their bones he breaketh, And `with' his arrows he smiteth,"
"He hath bent, he hath lain down as a lion, And as a lioness: who doth raise him up? He who is blessing thee  blessed, And he who is cursing thee  cursed.'"
"And the anger of Balak burneth against Balaam, and he striketh his hands; and Balak saith unto Balaam, `To pierce mine enemies I called thee, and lo, thou hast certainly blessed -- these three times;"
"and now, flee for thyself unto thy place; I have said, I do greatly honour thee, and lo, Yahweh hath kept thee back from honour.'"
"And Balaam saith unto Balak, `Did I not also unto thy messengers whom thou hast sent unto me, speak, saying,"
"If Balak doth give to me the fulness of his house of silver and gold, I am not able to pass over the command of Yahweh, to do good or evil of mine own heart -- that which Yahweh speaketh -- it I speak?"
"and, now, lo, I am going to my people; come, I counsel thee `concerning' that which this people doth to thy people, in the latter end of the days.'"
"And he taketh up his simile, and saith: `An affirmation of Balaam son of Beor -- And an affirmation of the man whose eyes `are' shut --"
"An affirmation of him who is hearing sayings of God -- And knowing knowledge of the Most High; A vision of the Almighty he seeth, Falling -- and eyes uncovered:"
"I see it, but not now; I behold it, but not near; A star hath proceeded from Jacob, And a sceptre hath risen from Israel, And hath smitten corners of Moab, And hath destroyed all sons of Sheth."
"And Edom hath been a possession, And Seir hath been a possession, `for' its enemies, And Israel is doing valiantly;"
"And `one' doth rule out of Jacob, And hath destroyed a remnant from Ar.'"
"And he seeth Amalek, and taketh up his simile, and saith: `Firstfruit Goyim Amalek; And his latter end -- for ever he perisheth.'"
"And he seeth the Kenite, and taketh up his simile, and saith: `Enduring  thy dwelling, And setting in a rock thy nest,"
But the Kenite is for a burning; Till when doth Asshur keep thee captive?'
"And he taketh up his simile, and saith: `Alas! who doth live when God doth this?"
"And -- ships `are' from the side of Chittim, And they have humbled Asshur, And they have humbled Eber, And it also for ever is perishing.'"
"And Balaam riseth, and goeth, and turneth back to his place, and Balak also hath gone on his way."
