And Eliphaz the Temanite answereth and saith: --
"To God is a man profitable, Because a wise man to himself is profitable?"
"Is it a delight to the Mighty One That thou art righteous? is it gain, That thou makest perfect thy ways?"
Because of thy reverence Doth He reason `with' thee? He entereth with thee into judgment:
Is not thy wickedness abundant? And there is no end to thine iniquities.
"For thou takest a pledge of thy brother for nought, And the garments of the naked Thou dost strip off."
"Thou causest not the weary to drink water, And from the hungry thou withholdest bread."
"As to the man of arm -- he hath the earth, And the accepted of face -- he dwelleth in it."
"Widows thou hast sent away empty, And the arms of the fatherless are bruised."
"Therefore round about thee `are' snares, And trouble thee doth fear suddenly."
"Or darkness -- thou dost not see, And abundance of waters doth cover thee."
"Is not God high `in' heaven? And see the summit of the stars, That they are high."
"And thou hast said, `What -- hath God known? Through thickness doth He judge?"
"Thick clouds `are' a secret place to Him, And He doth not see;' And the circle of the heavens He walketh habitually,"
"The path of the age dost thou observe, That men of iniquity have trodden?"
"Who have been cut down unexpectedly, A flood is poured out on their foundation."
"Those saying to God, `Turn aside from us,' And what doth the Mighty One to them?"
And he hath filled their houses `with' good: (And the counsel of the wicked Hath been far from me.)
"See do the righteous and they rejoice, And the innocent mocketh at them,"
"`Surely our substance hath not been cut off, And their excellency hath fire consumed.'"
"Acquaint thyself, I pray thee, with Him, And be at peace, Thereby thine increase  good."
"Receive, I pray thee, from His mouth a law, And set His sayings in thy heart."
"If thou dost return unto the Mighty Thou art built up, Thou puttest iniquity far from thy tents."
"So as to set on the dust a defence, And on a rock of the valleys a covering."
"And the Mighty hath been thy defence, And silver  strength to thee."
"For then on the Mighty thou delightest thyself, And dost lift up unto God thy face,"
"Thou dost make supplication unto Him, And He doth hear thee, And thy vows thou completest."
"And thou decreest a saying, And it is established to thee, And on thy ways hath light shone."
"For they have made low, And thou sayest, `Lift up.' And the bowed down of eyes he saveth."
"He delivereth the not innocent, Yea, he hath been delivered By the cleanness of thy hands."
