And Elihu answereth and saith:
"Hear, O wise men, my words, And, O knowing ones, give ear to me."
"For the ear doth try words, And the palate tasteth to eat."
"Judgment let us choose for ourselves, Let us know among ourselves what  good."
"For Job hath said, `I have been righteous, And God hath turned aside my right,"
Against my right do I lie? Mortal  mine arrow -- without transgression.'
"Who  a man like Job? He drinketh scoffing like water,"
"And he hath travelled for company With workers of iniquity, So as to go with men of wickedness."
"For he hath said, `It doth not profit a man, When he delighteth himself with God.'"
"Therefore, O men of heart, hearken to me; Far be it from God to do wickedness, And `from' the Mighty to do perverseness:"
"For the work of man he repayeth to him, And according to the path of each He doth cause him to find."
"Yea, truly, God doth not do wickedly, And the Mighty doth not pervert judgment."
Who hath inspected for Himself the earth? And who hath placed all the habitable world?
"If He doth set on him His heart, His spirit and his breath unto Him He gathereth."
"Expire doth all flesh together, And man to dust returneth."
"And if `there is' understanding, hear this, Give ear to the voice of my words."
"Yea, doth one hating justice govern? Or the Most Just dost thou condemn?"
"Who hath said to a king -- `Worthless,' Unto princes -- `Wicked?'"
"That hath not accepted the person of princes, Nor hath known the rich before the poor, For a work of His hands `are' all of them."
"`In' a moment they die, and at midnight Shake do people, and they pass away, And they remove the mighty without hand."
"For His eyes `are' on the ways of each, And all his steps He doth see."
"There is no darkness nor death-shade, For workers of iniquity to be hidden there;"
"For He doth not suffer man any more, To go unto God in judgment,"
He breaketh the mighty -- no searching! And He appointeth others in their stead.
"Therefore He knoweth their works, And He hath overturned by night, And they are bruised."
"As wicked He hath stricken them, In the place of beholders."
"Because that against right They have turned aside from after Him, And none of His ways have considered wisely,"
"To cause to come in unto Him The cry of the poor, And the cry of the afflicted He heareth."
"And He giveth rest, and who maketh wrong? And hideth the face, and who beholdeth it? And in reference to a nation and to a man, `It is' the same."
"From the reigning of a profane man, From the snares of a people;"
"For unto God hath any said: `I have taken away, I do not corruptly,"
"Besides `that which' I see, shew Thou me, If iniquity I have done -- I do not add?'"
"By thee doth He recompense, That thou hast refused -- That thou dost choose, and not I? And what thou hast known, speak."
"Let men of heart say to me, And a wise man is hearkening to me."
"Job -- not with knowledge doth he speak, And his words `are' not with wisdom."
"My Father! let Job be tried -- unto victory, Because of answers for men of iniquity,"
"For he doth add to his sin, Transgression among us he vomiteth, And multiplieth his sayings to God."
