"And they bring in the ark of God, and set it up in the midst of the tent that David hath stretched out for it, and they bring near burnt-offerings and peace-offerings before God;"
"and David ceaseth from offering the burnt-offering and the peace-offerings, and blesseth the people in the name of Yahweh,"
"and giveth a portion to every man of Israel, both man and woman: to each a cake of bread, and a measure of wine, and a grape-cake."
"And he putteth before the ark of Yahweh, of the Levites, ministers, even to make mention of, and to thank, and to give praise to Yahweh, God of Israel,"
"Asaph the head, and his second Zechariah; Jeiel, and Shemiramoth, and Jehiel, and Mattithiah, and Eliab, and Benaiah, and Obed-Edom, and Jeiel, with instruments of psalteries, and with harps; and Asaph with cymbals is sounding;"
and Benaiah and Jahaziel the priests `are' with trumpets continually before the ark of the covenant of God.
On that day then hath David given at the beginning to give thanks to Yahweh by the hand of Asaph and his brethren: --
"Give thanks to Yahweh, call in His name, Make known among the peoples His doings."
"Sing ye to Him, sing psalms to Him, Meditate on all His wonders."
"Boast yourselves in His holy name, Rejoice doth the heart of those seeking Yahweh."
"Seek ye Yahweh and His strength, Seek His face continually."
"Remember His wonders that He did, His signs, and the judgments of His mouth,"
"O seed of Israel, His servant, O sons of Jacob, His chosen ones!"
"He  Yahweh our God, In all the earth `are' His judgments."
"Remember ye to the age His covenant, The word He commanded -- To a thousand generations,"
"Which He hath made with Abraham, And His oath -- to Isaac,"
"And He establisheth it to Jacob for a statute, To Israel -- a covenant age-during."
"Saying: To thee I give the land of Canaan, The portion of your inheritance,"
"When ye are few of number, As a little thing, and sojourners in it."
"And they go up and down, From nation unto nation, And from a kingdom unto another people."
"He hath not suffered any to oppress them, And reproveth on their account kings:"
"Come not against Mine anointed ones, And against My prophets do not evil."
"Sing to Yahweh, all the earth, Proclaim from day unto day His salvation."
"Rehearse among nations His glory, Among all the peoples His wonders."
"For great  Yahweh, and praised greatly, And fearful He  above all gods."
"For all gods of the peoples `are' nought, And Yahweh the heavens hath made."
"Honour and majesty `are' before Him, Strength and joy `are' in His place."
"Ascribe to Yahweh, ye families of peoples, Ascribe to Yahweh honour and strength."
"Ascribe to Yahweh the honour of His name, Lift up a present, and come before Him. Bow yourselves to Yahweh, In the beauty of holiness."
"Be pained before Him, all the earth:"
"Also, established is the world, It is not moved! The heavens rejoice, and the earth is glad, And they say among nations: Yahweh hath reigned."
"Roar doth the sea, and its fulness, Exult doth the field, and all that  in it,"
"Then sing do trees of the forest, From the presence of Yahweh, For He hath come to judge the earth!"
"Give thanks to Yahweh, for good, For to the age,  His kindness,"
"And say, Save us, O God of our salvation, And gather us, and deliver us from the nations, To give thanks to Thy holy name, To triumph in Thy praise."
"Blessed  Yahweh, God of Israel, From the age and unto the age;' And all the people say, `Amen,' and have given praise to Yahweh."
"And he leaveth there before the ark of the covenant of Yahweh, for Asaph and for his brethren, to minister before the ark continually, according to the matter of a day in its day,"
"both Obed-Edom and their brethren, sixty and eight, and Obed-Edom son of Jeduthun, and Hosah for gatekeepers,"
"and Zadok the priest, and his brethren the priests, before the tabernacle of Yahweh, in a high place that  in Gibeon,"
"to cause to ascend burnt-offerings to Yahweh, on the altar of burnt-offering continually, morning and evening, and for all that is written in the law of Yahweh, that He charged on Israel."
"And with them `are' Heman and Jeduthun, and the rest of those chosen, who were defined by name, to give thanks to Yahweh, for to the age  His kindness,"
"and with them -- Heman and Jeduthun -- `are' trumpets and cymbals for those sounding, and instruments of the song of God, and the sons of Jeduthun `are' at the gate."
"And all the people go, each to his house, and David turneth round to bless his house."
