"These `are' sons of Israel: Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah, Issachar, and Zebulun,"
"Dan, Joseph, and Benjamin, Naphtali, Gad, and Asher."
"Sons of Judah: Er, and Onan, and Shelah, three have been born to him of a daughter of Shua the Canaanitess. And Er, first-born of Judah, is evil in the eyes of Yahweh, and He putteth him to death."
And Tamar his daughter-in-law hath borne to him Pharez and Zerah. All the sons of Judah `are' five.
"Sons of Pharez: Hezron, and Hamul."
"And sons of Zerah: Zimri, and Ethan, and Heman, and Calcol, and Dara; all of them five."
"And sons of Carmi: Achar, troubler of Israel, who trespassed in the devoted thing."
And sons of Ethan: Azariah.
"And sons of Hezron who were born to him; Jerahmeel, and Ram, and Chelubai."
"And Ram begat Amminadab, and Amminadab begat Nahshon, prince of the sons of Judah;"
"and Nahshon begat Salma, and Salma begat Boaz,"
"and Boaz begat Obed, and Obed begat Jesse;"
"and Jesse begat his first-born Eliab, and Abinadab the second, and Shimea the third,"
"Nethaneel the fourth, Raddai the fifth,"
"Ozem the sixth, David the seventh,"
"and their sisters Zeruiah and Abigail. And sons of Zeruiah: Abishai, and Joab, and Asah-El -- three."
"And Abigail hath borne Amasa, and the father of Amasa  Jether the Ishmeelite."
"And Caleb son of Hezron hath begotten Azubah, Isshah, and Jerioth; and these `are' her sons: Jesher, and Shobab, and Ardon."
"And Azubah dieth, and Caleb taketh to him Ephrath, and she beareth to him Hur."
"And Hur begat Uri, and Uri begat Bezaleel."
"And afterwards hath Hezron gone in unto a daughter of Machir father of Gilead, and he hath taken her, and he  a son of sixty years, and she beareth to him Segub."
"And Segub begat Jair, and he hath twenty and three cities in the land of Gilead,"
"and he taketh Geshur and Aram, the small villages of Jair, from them, with Kenath and its small towns, sixty cities -- all these `belonged to' the sons of Machir father of Gilead."
"And after the death of Hezron in Caleb-Ephratah, then the wife of Hezron, Abijah, even beareth to him Asshur, father of Tekoa."
"And sons of Jerahmeel, first-born of Hezron, are: the first-born Ram, and Bunah, and Oren, and Ozem, Ahijah."
"And Jerahmeel hath another wife, and her name  Atarah, she  mother of Onam."
"And sons of Ram, first-born of Jerahmeel, are Maaz, and Jamin, and Eker."
And sons of Onam are Shammai and Jada. And sons of Shammai: Nadab and Abishur.
"And the name of the wife of Abishur  Abihail, and she beareth to him Ahban and Molid."
"And sons of Nadab: Seled, and Appaim; and Seled dieth without sons."
And sons of Appaim: Ishi. And sons of Ishi: Sheshan. And sons of Sheshan: Ahlai.
"And sons of Jada, brother of Shammai: Jether, and Jonathan: and Jether dieth without sons."
"And sons of Jonathan: Peleth, and Zaza. These were sons of Jerahmeel."
"And Sheshan had no sons, but daughters, and Sheshan hath a servant, an Egyptian, and his name  Jarha,"
"and Sheshan giveth his daughter to Jarha his servant for a wife, and she beareth to him Attai;"
"and Attai begat Nathan, and Nathan begat Zabad,"
"and Zabad begat Ephlal, and Ephlal begat Obed,"
"and Obed begat Jehu,"
"and Jehu begat Azariah, and Azariah begat Helez, and Helez begat Eleasah,"
"and Eleasah begat Sismai, and Sismai begat Shallum,"
"and Shallum begat Jekamiah, and Jekamiah begat Elishama."
"And sons of Caleb brother of Jerahmeel: Mesha his first-born, he  father of Ziph; and sons of Mareshah: Abi-Hebron."
"And sons of Hebron: Korah, and Tappuah, and Rekem, and Shema."
"And Shema begat Raham father of Jorkoam, and Rekem begat Shammai."
"And a son of Shammai  Maon, and Maon  father of Beth-Zur."
"And Ephah concubine of Caleb bare Haran, and Moza, and Gazez; and Haran begat Gazez."
"And sons of Jahdai: Regem, and Jotham, and Geshem, and Pelet, and Ephah, and Shaaph."
"The concubine of Caleb, Maachah, bare Sheber and Tirhanah;"
"and she beareth Shaaph father of Madmannah, Sheva father of Machbenah, and father of Gibea; and a daughter of Caleb  Achsa."
"These were sons of Caleb son of Hur, first-born of Ephrathah: Shobal father of Kirjath-Jearim,"
"Salma father of Beth-Lehem, Hareph father of Beth-Gader."
"And there are sons to Shobal father of Kirjath-Jearim: Haroeh, half of the Menuhothite;"
"and the families of Kirjath-Jearim: the Ithrite, and the Puhite, and the Shumathite, and the Mishraite: from these went out the Zareathite, and the Eshtaulite."
"Sons of Salma: Beth-Lehem, and the Netophathite, Atroth, Beth-Joab, and half of the Menuhothite, the Zorite;"
"and the families of the scribes the inhabitants of Jabez: Tirathites, Shimeathites, Suchathites. They `are' the Kenites, those coming of Hammath father of the house of Rechab."
