"And Benjamin begat Bela his first-born, Ashbel the second, and Aharah the third,"
"Nohah the fourth, and Rapha the fifth."
"And there are sons to Bela: Addar, and Gera,"
"and Abihud, and Abishua, and Naaman, and Ahoah,"
"and Gera, and Shephuphan, and Huram."
"And these `are' sons of Ehud: they are heads of fathers to the inhabitants of Geba, and they remove them unto Manahath;"
"and Naaman, and Ahiah, and Gera, he removed them, and begat Uzza and Ahihud."
"And Shaharaim begat in the field of Moab, after his sending them away; Hushim and Baara `are' his wives."
"And he begetteth of Hodesh his wife, Jobab, and Zibia, and Mesha, and Malcham,"
"and Jeuz, and Shachiah, and Mirmah. These `are' his sons, heads of fathers."
And of Hushim he begat Ahitub and Elpaal.
"And sons of Elpaal: Eber, and Misheam, and Shamer, (he built Ono and Lod and its small towns),"
"and Beriah and Shema, (they `are' the heads of fathers to the inhabitants of Aijalon -- they caused to flee the inhabitants of Gath),"
"and Ahio, Shashak, and Jeremoth,"
"and Zebadiah, and Arad, and Ader,"
"and Michael, and Ispah, and Joha, sons of Beriah,"
"and Zebadiah, and Meshullam, and Hezeki, and Heber,"
"and Ishmerai, and Jezliah, and Jobab, sons of Elpaal;"
"And Jakim, and Zichri, and Zabdi,"
"and Elienai, and Zillethai, and Eliel,"
"and Adaiah, and Beraiah, and Shimrath, sons of Shimei;"
"And Ishpan, and Heber, and Eliel,"
"and Abdon, and Zichri, and Hanan,"
"and Hananiah, and Elam, and Antothijah,"
"and Iphedeiah, and Penuel, sons of Shashak;"
"And Shamsherai, and Shehariah, and Athaliah,"
"and Jaareshiah, and Eliah, and Zichri, sons of Jeroham."
"These `are' heads of fathers, by their generations, heads; these dwelt in Jerusalem."
"And in Gibeon hath the father of Gibeon dwelt, and the name of his wife  Maachah;"
"and his son, the first-born,  Abdon, and Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Nadab,"
"and Gedor, and Ahio, and Zacher;"
and Mikloth begat Shimeah. And they also over-against their brethren dwelt in Jerusalem with their brethren.
"And Ner begat Kish, and Kish begat Saul, and Saul begat Jonathan, and Malchi-Shua, and Abinadab, and Esh-Baal."
"And a son of Jonathan  Merib-Baal, and Merib-Baal begat Micah;"
"and sons of Micah: Pithon, and Melech, and Tarea, and Ahaz:"
"and Ahaz begat Jehoadah, and Jehoadah begat Alemeth, and Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza,"
"and Moza begat Binea, Raphah  his son, Eleasah his son, Azel his son."
"And to Azel `are' six sons, and these `are' their names: Azrikam, Bocheru, and Ishmael, and Sheariah, and Obadiah, and Hanan. All these `are' sons of Azel."
"And sons of Eshek his brother: Ulam his first-born, Jehush the second, and Eliphelet the third."
"And the sons of Ulam are men mighty in valour, treading bow, and multiplying sons and son's sons, a hundred and fifty. All these `are' of the sons of Benjamin."
