"Proverbs of Solomon. A wise son causeth a father to rejoice, And a foolish son  an affliction to his mother."
"Treasures of wickedness profit not, And righteousness delivereth from death."
"Yahweh causeth not the soul of the righteous to hunger, And the desire of the wicked He thrusteth away."
"Poor  he who is working -- a slothful hand, And the hand of the diligent maketh rich."
"Whoso is gathering in summer  a wise son, Whoso is sleeping in harvest  a son causing shame."
"Blessings `are' for the head of the righteous, And the mouth of the wicked cover doth violence."
"The remembrance of the righteous  for a blessing, And the name of the wicked doth rot."
"The wise in heart accepteth commands, And a talkative fool kicketh."
"Whoso is walking in integrity walketh confidently, And whoso is perverting his ways is known."
"Whoso is winking the eye giveth grief, And a talkative fool kicketh."
"A fountain of life  the mouth of the righteous, And the mouth of the wicked cover doth violence."
"Hatred awaketh contentions, And over all transgressions love covereth."
"In the lips of the intelligent is wisdom found, And a rod  for the back of him who is lacking understanding."
"The wise lay up knowledge, and the mouth of a fool  near ruin."
"The wealth of the rich  his strong city, The ruin of the poor  their poverty."
"The wage of the righteous  for life, The increase of the wicked for sin."
"A traveller to life  he who is keeping instruction, And whoso is forsaking rebuke is erring."
"Whoso is covering hatred with lying lips, And whoso is bringing out an evil report is a fool."
"In the abundance of words transgression ceaseth not, And whoso is restraining his lips  wise."
"The tongue of the righteous  chosen silver, The heart of the wicked -- as a little thing."
"The lips of the righteous delight many, And fools for lack of heart die."
"The blessing of Yahweh -- it maketh rich, And He addeth no grief with it."
"To execute inventions  as play to a fool, And wisdom to a man of understanding."
"The feared thing of the wicked it meeteth him, And the desire of the righteous is given."
"As the passing by of a hurricane, So the wicked is not, And the righteous is a foundation age-during."
"As vinegar to the teeth, And as smoke to the eyes, So  the slothful to those sending him."
"The fear of Yahweh addeth days, And the years of the wicked are shortened."
"The hope of the righteous  joyful, And the expectation of the wicked perisheth."
"The way of Yahweh  strength to the perfect, And ruin to workers of iniquity."
"The righteous to the age is not moved, And the wicked inhabit not the earth."
"The mouth of the righteous uttereth wisdom, And the tongue of frowardness is cut out."
"The lips of the righteous know a pleasing thing, And the mouth of the wicked perverseness!"
