"Balances of deceit `are' an abomination to Yahweh, And a perfect weight  His delight."
"Pride hath come, and shame cometh, And with the lowly  wisdom."
"The integrity of the upright leadeth them, And the perverseness of the treacherous destroyeth them."
"Wealth profiteth not in a day of wrath, And righteousness delivereth from death."
"The righteousness of the perfect maketh right his way, And by his wickedness doth the wicked fall."
"The righteousness of the upright delivereth them, And in mischief the treacherous are captured."
"In the death of a wicked man, hope perisheth, And the expectation of the iniquitous hath been lost."
"The righteous from distress is drawn out, And the wicked goeth in instead of him."
"With the mouth a hypocrite corrupteth his friend, And by knowledge the righteous are drawn out."
"In the good of the righteous a city exulteth, And in the destruction of the wicked  singing."
"By the blessing of the upright is a city exalted, And by the mouth of the wicked thrown down."
"Whoso is despising his neighbour lacketh heart, And a man of understanding keepeth silence."
"A busybody is revealing secret counsel, And the faithful of spirit is covering the matter."
"Without counsels do a people fall, And deliverance  in a multitude of counsellors."
"Evil `one' suffereth when he hath been surety `for' a stranger, And whoso is hating suretyship is confident."
"A gracious woman retaineth honour, And terrible `men' retain riches."
"A kind man is rewarding his own soul, And the fierce is troubling his own flesh."
"The wicked is getting a lying wage, And whoso is sowing righteousness -- a true reward."
"Rightly  righteousness for life, And whoso is pursuing evil -- for his own death."
"An abomination to Yahweh `are' the perverse of heart, And the perfect of the way `are' His delight."
"Hand to hand, the wicked is not acquitted, And the seed of the righteous hath escaped."
A ring of gold in the nose of a sow -- A fair woman and stubborn of behaviour.
"The desire of the righteous  only good, The hope of the wicked  transgression."
"There is who is scattering, and yet is increased, And who is keeping back from uprightness, only to want."
"A liberal soul is made fat, And whoso is watering, he also is watered."
"Whoso is withholding corn, the people execrate him, And a blessing  for the head of him who is selling."
"Whoso is earnestly seeking good Seeketh a pleasing thing, And whoso is seeking evil -- it meeteth him."
"Whoso is confident in his wealth he falleth, And as a leaf, the righteous flourish."
"Whoso is troubling his own house inheriteth wind, And a servant  the fool to the wise of heart."
"The fruit of the righteous  a tree of life, And whoso is taking souls  wise."
"Lo, the righteous in the earth is recompensed, Surely also the wicked and the sinner!"
