"Whoso is loving instruction, is loving knowledge, And whoso is hating reproof  brutish."
"The good bringeth forth favour from Yahweh, And the man of wicked devices He condemneth."
"A man is not established by wickedness, And the root of the righteous is not moved."
"A virtuous woman  a crown to her husband, And as rottenness in his bones  one causing shame."
"The thoughts of the righteous `are' justice, The counsels of the wicked -- deceit."
"The words of the wicked `are': `Lay wait for blood,' And the mouth of the upright delivereth them."
"Overthrow the wicked, and they are not, And the house of the righteous standeth."
"According to his wisdom is a man praised, And the perverted of heart becometh despised."
"Better  the lightly esteemed who hath a servant, Than the self-honoured who lacketh bread."
"The righteous knoweth the life of his beast, And the mercies of the wicked `are' cruel."
"Whoso is tilling the ground is satisfied `with' bread, And whoso is pursuing vanities is lacking heart,"
"The wicked hath desired the net of evil doers, And the root of the righteous giveth."
"In transgression of the lips  the snare of the wicked, And the righteous goeth out from distress."
"From the fruit of the mouth  one satisfied `with' good, And the deed of man's hands returneth to him."
"The way of a fool  right in his own eyes, And whoso is hearkening to counsel  wise."
"The fool -- in a day is his anger known, And the prudent is covering shame."
"Whoso uttereth faithfulness declareth righteousness, And a false witness -- deceit."
"A rash speaker is like piercings of a sword, And the tongue of the wise is healing."
"The lip of truth is established for ever, And for a moment -- a tongue of falsehood."
"Deceit  in the heart of those devising evil, And to those counselling peace  joy."
"No iniquity is desired by the righteous, And the wicked have been full of evil."
"An abomination to Yahweh `are' lying lips, And stedfast doers `are' his delight."
"A prudent man is concealing knowledge, And the heart of fools proclaimeth folly."
"The hand of the diligent ruleth, And slothfulness becometh tributary."
"Sorrow in the heart of a man boweth down, And a good word maketh him glad."
"The righteous searcheth his companion, And the way of the wicked causeth them to err."
"The slothful roasteth not his hunting, And the wealth of a diligent man is precious."
"In the path of righteousness  life, And in the way of `that' path  no death!"
