"A wise son -- the instruction of a father, And a scorner -- he hath not heard rebuke."
"From the fruit of the mouth a man eateth good, And the soul of the treacherous -- violence."
"Whoso is keeping his mouth, is keeping his soul, Whoso is opening wide his lips -- ruin to him!"
"The soul of the slothful is desiring, and hath not. And the soul of the diligent is made fat."
"A false word the righteous hateth, And the wicked causeth abhorrence, and is confounded."
"Righteousness keepeth him who is perfect in the way, And wickedness overthroweth a sin offering."
"There is who is making himself rich, and hath nothing, Who is making himself poor, and wealth  abundant."
"The ransom of a man's life `are' his riches, And the poor hath not heard rebuke."
"The light of the righteous rejoiceth, And the lamp of the wicked is extinguished."
"A vain man through pride causeth debate, And with the counselled  wisdom."
"Wealth from vanity becometh little, And whoso is gathering by the hand becometh great."
"Hope prolonged is making the heart sick, And a tree of life  the coming desire."
"Whoso is despising the Word is destroyed for it, And whoso is fearing the Command is repayed."
"The law of the wise  a fountain of life, To turn aside from snares of death."
"Good understanding giveth grace, And the way of the treacherous  hard."
"Every prudent one dealeth with knowledge, And a fool spreadeth out folly."
"A wicked messenger falleth into evil, And a faithful ambassador is healing."
"Whoso is refusing instruction -- poverty and shame, And whoso is observing reproof is honoured."
"A desire accomplished is sweet to the soul, And an abomination to fools : Turn from evil."
"Whoso is walking with wise men is wise, And a companion of fools suffereth evil."
"Evil pursueth sinners, And good recompenseth the righteous."
"A good man causeth sons' sons to inherit, And laid up for the righteous  the sinner's wealth."
"Abundance of food -- the tillage of the poor, And substance is consumed without judgment."
"Whoso is sparing his rod is hating his son, And whoso is loving him hath hastened him chastisement."
"The righteous is eating to the satiety of his soul, And the belly of the wicked lacketh!"
