"Every wise woman hath builded her house, And the foolish with her hands breaketh it down."
"Whoso is walking in his uprightness is fearing Yahweh, And the perverted `in' his ways is despising Him."
"In the mouth of a fool  a rod of pride, And the lips of the wise preserve them."
"Without oxen a stall  clean, And great  the increase by the power of the ox."
"A faithful witness lieth not, And a false witness breatheth out lies."
"A scorner hath sought wisdom, and it is not, And knowledge to the intelligent  easy."
"Go from before a foolish man, Or thou hast not known the lips of knowledge."
"The wisdom of the prudent  to understand his way, And the folly of fools  deceit."
"Fools mock at a guilt-offering, And among the upright -- a pleasing thing."
"The heart knoweth its own bitterness, And with its joy a stranger doth not intermeddle."
"The house of the wicked is destroyed, And the tent of the upright flourisheth."
"There is a way -- right before a man, And its latter end `are' ways of death."
"Even in laughter is the heart pained, And the latter end of joy  affliction."
"From his ways is the backslider in heart filled, And a good man -- from his fruits."
"The simple giveth credence to everything, And the prudent attendeth to his step."
"The wise is fearing and turning from evil, And a fool is transgressing and is confident."
"Whoso is short of temper doth folly, And a man of wicked devices is hated."
"The simple have inherited folly, And the prudent are crowned `with' knowledge."
"The evil have bowed down before the good, And the wicked at the gates of the righteous."
"Even of his neighbour is the poor hated, And those loving the rich `are' many."
"Whoso is despising his neighbour sinneth, Whoso is favouring the humble, O his happiness."
"Do not they err who are devising evil? And kindness and truth `are' to those devising good,"
"In all labour there is advantage, And a thing of the lips  only to want."
"The crown of the wise is their wealth, The folly of fools  folly."
"A true witness is delivering souls, And a deceitful one breatheth out lies."
"In the fear of Yahweh  strong confidence, And to His sons there is a refuge."
"The fear of Yahweh  a fountain of life, To turn aside from snares of death."
"In the multitude of a people  the honour of a king, And in lack of people the ruin of a prince."
"Whoso is slow to anger  of great understanding, And whoso is short in temper is exalting folly."
"A healed heart  life to the flesh, And rottenness to the bones  envy."
"An oppressor of the poor reproacheth his Maker, And whoso is honouring Him Is favouring the needy."
"In his wickedness is the wicked driven away, And trustful in his death  the righteous."
In the heart of the intelligent wisdom doth rest. And in the midst of fools it is known.
"Righteousness exalteth a nation, And the goodliness of peoples  a sin-offering."
"The favour of a king  to a wise servant, And an object of his wrath is one causing shame!"
