"A soft answer turneth back fury, And a grievous word raiseth up anger."
"The tongue of the wise maketh knowledge good, And the mouth of fools uttereth folly."
"In every place are the eyes of Yahweh, Watching the evil and the good."
"A healed tongue  a tree of life, And perverseness in it -- a breach in the spirit."
"A fool despiseth the instruction of his father, And whoso is regarding reproof is prudent."
"`In' the house of the righteous  abundant strength, And in the increase of the wicked -- trouble."
"The lips of the wise scatter knowledge, And the heart of fools  not right."
"The sacrifice of the wicked  an abomination to Yahweh, And the prayer of the upright  His delight."
"An abomination to Yahweh  the way of the wicked, And whoso is pursuing righteousness He loveth."
"Chastisement  grievous to him who is forsaking the path, Whoso is hating reproof dieth."
"Sheol and destruction `are' before Yahweh, Surely also the hearts of the sons of men."
"A scorner loveth not his reprover, Unto the wise he goeth not."
"A joyful heart maketh glad the face, And by grief of heart is the spirit smitten."
"The heart of the intelligent seeketh knowledge, And the mouth of fools enjoyeth folly."
"All the days of the afflicted `are' evil, And gladness of heart  a perpetual banquet."
"Better  a little with the fear of Yahweh, Than much treasure, and tumult with it."
"Better  an allowance of green herbs and love there, Than a fatted ox, and hatred with it."
"A man of fury stirreth up contention, And the slow to anger appeaseth strife."
"The way of the slothful  as a hedge of briers, And the path of the upright is raised up."
A wise son rejoiceth a father. And a foolish man is despising his mother.
"Folly is joy to one lacking heart, And a man of intelligence directeth `his' going."
"Without counsel  the making void of purposes, And in a multitude of counsellors it is established."
"Joy  to a man in the answer of his mouth, And a word in its season -- how good!"
"A path of life  on high for the wise, To turn aside from Sheol beneath."
"The house of the proud Yahweh pulleth down, And He setteth up the border of the widow."
"An abomination to Yahweh `are' thoughts of wickedness, And pure `are' sayings of pleasantness."
"A dishonest gainer is troubling his house, And whoso is hating gifts liveth."
"The heart of the righteous meditateth to answer, And the mouth of the wicked uttereth evil things."
"Far  Yahweh from the wicked, And the prayer of the righteous He heareth."
"The illumination of the eyes rejoiceth the heart, A good report maketh fat the bone."
An ear that is hearing the reproof of life Doth lodge among the wise.
"Whoso is refusing instruction is despising his soul, And whoso is hearing reproof Is getting understanding."
"The fear of Yahweh  the instruction of wisdom, And before honour  humility!"
