"Rivulets of waters  the heart of a king in the hand of Yahweh, Wherever He pleaseth He inclineth it."
"Every way of a man  right in his own eyes, And Yahweh is pondering hearts."
"To do righteousness and judgment, Is chosen of Yahweh rather than sacrifice."
"Loftiness of eyes, and breadth of heart, Tillage of the wicked  sin."
"The purposes of the diligent `are' only to advantage, And of every hasty one, only to want."
"The making of treasures by a lying tongue, `Is' a vanity driven away of those seeking death."
"The spoil of the wicked catcheth them, Because they have refused to do judgment."
"Froward  the way of a man who is vile, And the pure -- upright  his work."
"Better to sit on a corner of the roof, Than `with' a woman of contentions and a house of company."
"The soul of the wicked hath desired evil, Not gracious in his eyes is his neighbour."
"When the scorner is punished, the simple becometh wise, And in giving understanding to the wise He receiveth knowledge."
"The Righteous One is acting wisely Towards the house of the wicked, He is overthrowing the wicked for wickedness."
"Whoso is shutting his ear from the cry of the poor, He also doth cry, and is not answered."
"A gift in secret pacifieth anger, And a bribe in the bosom strong fury."
"To do justice  joy to the righteous, But ruin to workers of iniquity."
"A man who is wandering from the way of understanding, In an assembly of Rephaim resteth."
"Whoso  loving mirth  a poor man, Whoso is loving wine and oil maketh no wealth."
"The wicked  an atonement for the righteous, And for the upright the treacherous dealer."
"Better to dwell in a wilderness land, Than `with' a woman of contentions and anger."
"A treasure to be desired, and oil, `Is' in the habitation of the wise, And a foolish man swalloweth it up."
"Whoso is pursuing righteousness and kindness, Findeth life, righteousness, and honour."
"A city of the mighty hath the wise gone up, And bringeth down the strength of its confidence."
"Whoso is keeping his mouth and his tongue, Is keeping from adversities his soul."
"Proud, haughty, scorner  his name, Who is working in the wrath of pride."
"The desire of the slothful slayeth him, For his hands have refused to work."
"All the day desiring he hath desired, And the righteous giveth and withholdeth not."
"The sacrifice of the wicked  abomination, Much more when in wickedness he bringeth it."
"A false witness doth perish, And an attentive man for ever speaketh."
"A wicked man hath hardened by his face, And the upright -- he prepareth his way."
"There is no wisdom, nor understanding, Nor counsel, over-against Yahweh."
"A horse is prepared for a day of battle, And the deliverance  of Yahweh!"
