"Also these are Proverbs of Solomon, that men of Hezekiah king of Judah transcribed: --"
"The honour of God  to hide a thing, And the honour of kings to search out a matter."
"The heavens for height, and the earth for depth, And the heart of kings -- `are' unsearchable."
"Take away dross from silver, And a vessel for the refiner goeth forth,"
"Take away the wicked before a king, And established in righteousness is his throne."
"Honour not thyself before a king, And in the place of the great stand not."
"For better `that' he hath said to thee, `Come thou up hither,' Than `that' he humble thee before a noble, Whom thine eyes have seen."
"Go not forth to strive, haste, turn, What dost thou in its latter end, When thy neighbour causeth thee to blush?"
"Thy cause plead with thy neighbour, And the secret counsel of another reveal not,"
"Lest the hearer put thee to shame, And thine evil report turn not back."
"Apples of gold in imagery of silver, `Is' the word spoken at its fit times."
"A ring of gold, and an ornament of pure gold, `Is' the wise reprover to an attentive ear."
"As a vessel of snow in a day of harvest, `So is' a faithful ambassador to those sending him, And the soul of his masters he refresheth."
"Clouds and wind, and rain there is none, `Is' a man boasting himself in a false gift."
"By long-suffering is a ruler persuaded, And a soft tongue breaketh a bone."
"Honey thou hast found -- eat thy sufficiency, Lest thou be satiated `with' it, and hast vomited it."
"Withdraw thy foot from thy neighbour's house, Lest he be satiated `with' thee, and have hated thee."
"A maul, and a sword, and a sharp arrow, `Is' the man testifying against his neighbour a false testimony."
"A bad tooth, and a tottering foot, `Is' the confidence of the treacherous in a day of adversity."
"Whoso is taking away a garment in a cold day, `Is as' vinegar on nitre, And a singer of songs on a sad heart."
"If he who is hating thee doth hunger, cause him to eat bread, And if he thirst, cause him to drink water."
"For coals thou art putting on his head, And Yahweh giveth recompense to thee."
"A north wind bringeth forth rain, And a secret tongue -- indignant faces."
"Better to sit on a corner of a roof, Than `with' a woman of contentions, and a house of company."
"`As' cold waters for a weary soul, So  a good report from a far country."
"A spring troubled, and a fountain corrupt, `Is' the righteous falling before the wicked."
"The eating of much honey is not good, Nor a searching out of one's own honour -- honour."
"A city broken down without walls, `Is' a man without restraint over his spirit!"
