"As snow in summer, and as rain in harvest, So honour  not comely for a fool."
"As a bird by wandering, as a swallow by flying, So reviling without cause doth not come."
"A whip is for a horse, a bridle for an ass, And a rod for the back of fools."
"Answer not a fool according to his folly, Lest thou be like to him -- even thou."
"Answer a fool according to his folly, Lest he be wise in his own eyes."
"He is cutting off feet, he is drinking injury, Who is sending things by the hand of a fool."
"Weak have been the two legs of the lame, And a parable in the mouth of fools."
"As one who is binding a stone in a sling, So  he who is giving honour to a fool."
"A thorn hath gone up into the hand of a drunkard, And a parable in the mouth of fools."
"Great  the Former of all, And He is rewarding a fool, And is rewarding transgressors."
"As a dog hath returned to its vomit, A fool is repeating his folly."
"Thou hast seen a man wise in his own eyes, More hope of a fool than of him!"
"The slothful hath said, `A lion  in the way, A lion  in the broad places.'"
"The door turneth round on its hinge, And the slothful on his bed."
"The slothful hath hid his hand in a dish, He is weary of bringing it back to his mouth."
"Wiser  the slothful in his own eyes, Than seven `men' returning a reason."
"Laying hold on the ears of a dog, `Is' a passer-by making himself wrath for strife not his own."
"As `one' pretending to be feeble, Who is casting sparks, arrows, and death,"
"So hath a man deceived his neighbour, And hath said, `Am not I playing?'"
"Without wood is fire going out, And without a tale-bearer, contention ceaseth,"
"Coal to burning coals, and wood to fire, And a man of contentions to kindle strife."
"The words of a tale-bearer `are' as self-inflicted wounds, And they have gone down `to' the inner parts of the heart."
"Silver of dross spread over potsherd, `Are' burning lips and an evil heart."
"By his lips doth a hater dissemble, And in his heart he placeth deceit,"
"When his voice is gracious trust not in him, For seven abominations `are' in his heart."
"Hatred is covered by deceit, Revealed is its wickedness in an assembly."
"Whoso is digging a pit falleth into it, And the roller of a stone, to him it turneth."
"A lying tongue hateth its bruised ones, And a flattering mouth worketh an overthrow!"
