The wicked have fled and there is no pursuer. And the righteous as a young lion is confident.
"By the transgression of a land many `are' its heads. And by an intelligent man, Who knoweth right -- it is prolonged."
"A man -- poor and oppressing the weak, `Is' a sweeping rain, and there is no bread."
"Those forsaking the law praise the wicked, Those keeping the law plead against them."
"Evil men understand not judgment, And those seeking Yahweh understand all."
"Better  the poor walking in his integrity, Than the perverse of ways who is rich."
"Whoso is keeping the law is an intelligent son, And a friend of gluttons, Doth cause his father to blush."
"Whoso is multiplying his wealth by biting and usury, For one favouring the poor doth gather it."
"Whoso is turning his ear from hearing the law, Even his prayer  an abomination."
"Whoso is causing the upright to err in an evil way, Into his own pit he doth fall, And the perfect do inherit good."
"A rich man is wise in his own eyes, And the intelligent poor searcheth him."
"In the exulting of the righteous the glory  abundant, And in the rising of the wicked man is apprehensive."
"Whoso is covering his transgressions prospereth not, And he who is confessing and forsaking hath mercy."
"O the happiness of a man fearing continually, And whoso is hardening his heart falleth into evil."
"A growling lion, and a ranging bear, `Is' the wicked ruler over a poor people."
"A leader lacking understanding multiplieth oppressions, Whoso is hating dishonest gain prolongeth days."
"A man oppressed with the blood of a soul, Unto the pit fleeth, none taketh hold on him."
"Whoso is walking uprightly is saved, And the perverted of ways falleth at once."
"Whoso is tilling his ground is satisfied `with' bread, And whoso is pursuing vanity, Is filled `with' poverty."
"A stedfast man hath multiplied blessings, And whoso is hasting to be rich is not acquitted."
"To discern faces is not good, And for a piece of bread doth a man transgress."
"Troubled for wealth  the man `with' an evil eye, And he knoweth not that want doth meet him."
"Whoso is reproving a man afterwards findeth grace, More than a flatterer with the tongue."
"Whoso is robbing his father, or his mother, And is saying, `It is not transgression,' A companion he is to a destroyer."
"Whoso is proud in soul stirreth up contention, And whoso is trusting on Yahweh is made fat."
"Whoso is trusting in his heart is a fool, And whoso is walking in wisdom is delivered."
"Whoso is giving to the poor hath no lack, And whoso is hiding his eyes multiplied curses."
"In the rising of the wicked a man is hidden, And in their destruction the righteous multiply!"
