"Hear, ye sons, the instruction of a father, And give attention to know understanding."
"For good learning I have given to you, My law forsake not."
"For, a son I have been to my father -- tender, And an only one before my mother."
"And he directeth me, and he saith to me: `Let thy heart retain my words, Keep my commands, and live."
"Get wisdom, get understanding, Do not forget, nor turn away From the sayings of my mouth."
"Forsake her not, and she doth preserve thee, Love her, and she doth keep thee."
"Firstfruits of wisdom -- get wisdom, And with all thy getting get understanding."
"Exalt her, and she doth lift thee up, She honoureth thee, when thou dost embrace her."
"She giveth to thy head a wreath of grace, A crown of beauty she doth give thee freely."
"Hear, my son, and receive my sayings, And years of life `are' multiplied to thee."
"In a way of wisdom I have directed thee, I have caused thee to tread in paths of uprightness."
"In thy walking thy step is not straitened, And if thou runnest, thou stumblest not."
"Lay hold on instruction, do not desist, Keep her, for she  thy life."
"Into the path of the wicked enter not, And be not happy in a way of evil doers."
"Avoid it, pass not over into it, Turn aside from it, and pass on."
"For they sleep not if they do not evil, And their sleep hath been taken violently away, If they cause not `some' to stumble."
"For they have eaten bread of wickedness, And wine of violence they drink."
"And the path of the righteous  as a shining light, Going and brightening till the day is established,"
"The way of the wicked  as darkness, They have not known at what they stumble."
"My son, to my words give attention, To my sayings incline thine ear,"
"Let them not turn aside from thine eyes, Preserve them in the midst of thy heart."
"For life they `are' to those finding them, And to all their flesh healing."
"Above every charge keep thy heart, For out of it `are' the outgoings of life."
"Turn aside from thee a froward mouth, And perverse lips put far from thee,"
"Thine eyes do look straightforward, And thine eyelids look straight before thee."
"Ponder thou the path of thy feet, And all thy ways `are' established."
"Incline not `to' the right or to the left, Turn aside thy foot from evil!"
