"And passing by, he saw a man blind from birth,"
"and his disciples asked him, saying, `Rabbi, who did sin, this one or his parents, that he should be born blind?'"
"Jesus answered, `Neither did this one sin nor his parents, but that the works of God may be manifested in him;"
"it behoveth me to be working the works of Him who sent me while it is day; night doth come, when no one is able to work: --"
"when I am in the world, I am a light of the world.'"
"These things saying, he spat on the ground, and made clay of the spittle, and rubbed the clay on the eyes of the blind man, and said to him,"
"`Go away, wash at the pool of Siloam,' which is, interpreted, Sent. He went away, therefore, and did wash, and came seeing;"
"the neighbours, therefore, and those seeing him before, that he was blind, said, `Is not this he who is sitting and begging?'"
"others said -- `This is he;' and others -- `He is like to him;' he himself said, -- `I am `he'.'"
"They said, therefore, to him, `How were thine eyes opened?'"
"he answered and said, `A man called Jesus made clay, and rubbed my eyes, and said to me, Go away to the pool of Siloam, and wash; and having gone away and having washed, I received sight;'"
"they said, therefore, to him, `Where is that one?' he saith, `I have not known.'"
"They bring him to the Pharisees who once `was' blind,"
"and it was a sabbath when Jesus made the clay, and opened his eyes."
"Again, therefore, the Pharisees also were asking him how he received sight, and he said to them, `Clay he did put upon my eyes, and I did wash -- and I see.'"
"Of the Pharisees, therefore, certain said, `This man is not from God, because the sabbath he doth not keep;' others said, `How is a man -- a sinful one -- able to do such signs?' and there was a division among them."
"They said to the blind man again, `Thou -- what dost thou say of him -- that he opened thine eyes?'"
"and he said -- `He is a prophet.' The Jews, therefore, did not believe concerning him that he was blind and did receive sight, till that they called the parents of him who received sight,"
"and they asked them, saying, `Is your son, of whom ye say that he was born blind? how then now doth he see?'"
"His parents answered them and said, `We have known that this is our son, and that he was born blind;"
"and how he now seeth, we have not known; or who opened his eyes, we have not known; himself is of age, ask him; he himself shall speak concerning himself.'"
"These things said his parents, because they were afraid of the Jews, for already had the Jews agreed together, that if any one may confess him -- Christ, he may be put out of the synagogue;"
"because of this his parents said -- `He is of age, ask him.'"
"They called, therefore, a second time the man who was blind, and they said to him, `Give glory to God, we have known that this man is a sinner;'"
"he answered, therefore, and said, `If he be a sinner -- I have not known, one thing I have known, that, being blind, now I see.'"
"And they said to him again, `What did he to thee? how did he open thine eyes?'"
"He answered them, `I told you already, and ye did not hear; why again do ye wish to hear? do ye also wish to become his disciples?'"
"They reviled him, therefore, and said, `Thou art his disciple, and we are Moses' disciples;"
"we have known that God hath spoken to Moses, but this one -- we have not known whence he is.'"
"The man answered and said to them, `Why, in this is a wonderful thing, that ye have not known whence he is, and he opened my eyes!"
"and we have known that God doth not hear sinners, but, if any one may be a worshipper of God, and may do His will, him He doth hear;"
"from the age it was not heard, that any one did open eyes of one who hath been born blind;"
"if this one were not from God, he were not able to do anything.'"
"They answered and said to him, `In sins thou wast born altogether, and thou dost teach us!' and they cast him forth without."
"Jesus heard that they cast him forth without, and having found him, he said to him, `Dost thou believe in the Son of God?'"
"he answered and said, `Who is he, sir, that I may believe in him?'"
"And Jesus said to him, `Thou hast both seen him, and he who is speaking with thee is he;'"
"and he said, `I believe, sir,' and bowed before him."
"And Jesus said, `For judgment I to this world did come, that those not seeing may see, and those seeing may become blind.'"
"And those of the Pharisees who were with him heard these things, and they said to him, `Are we also blind?'"
"Jesus said to them, `If ye were blind, ye were not having had sin, but now ye say -- We see, therefore doth your sin remain."
