"For lo, in those days, and in that time, When I turn back `to' the captivity of Judah and Jerusalem,"
"Then I have gathered all the nations, And caused them to go down unto the valley of Jehoshaphat, And I have been judged with them there, Concerning My people and Mine inheritance -- Israel, Whom they scattered among nations, And My land they have apportioned."
"And for My people they do cast a lot, And they give the young man for an harlot, And the young woman have sold for wine, That they may drink."
"And also, what `are' ye to Me, O Tyre and Zidon, And all circuits of Philistia? Recompence are ye rendering unto Me? And if ye are giving recompence to Me, Swiftly, hastily, I turn back your recompence on your head."
"In that My silver and My gold ye took, And My desirable things that are good, Ye have brought in to your temples."
"And sons of Judah, and sons of Jerusalem, Ye have sold to the sons of Javan, To put them far off from their border."
"Lo, I am stirring them up out of the place Whither ye have sold them, And I have turned back your recompence on your head,"
"And have sold your sons and your daughters Into the hand of the sons of Judah, And they have sold them to Shabeans, Unto a nation far off, for Yahweh hath spoken."
"Proclaim ye this among nations, Sanctify a war, stir up the mighty ones, Come nigh, come up, let all the men of war."
"Beat your ploughshares to swords, And your pruning-hooks to javelins, Let the weak say, `I `am' mighty.'"
"Haste, and come in, all ye nations round, And be gathered together, Thither cause to come down, O Yahweh, Thy mighty ones."
"Wake and come up let the nations unto the valley of Jehoshaphat, For there I sit to judge all the nations around."
"Send ye forth a sickle, For ripened hath harvest, Come in, come down, for filled hath been the press, Overflowed hath wine-presses, For great  their wickedness."
"Multitudes, multitudes `are' in the valley of decision, For near  the day of Yahweh in the valley of decision."
"Sun and moon have been black, And stars have gathered up their shining."
"And Yahweh from Zion doth roar, And from Jerusalem giveth forth His voice, And shaken have the heavens and earth, And Yahweh  a refuge to his people, And a stronghold to sons of Israel."
"And ye have known that I `am' Yahweh your God, Dwelling in Zion, My holy mountain, And Jerusalem hath been holy, And strangers do not pass over into it again."
"And it hath come to pass, in that day, Drop down do the mountains juice, And the hills do flow `with' milk, And all streams of Judah do go `with' water, And a fountain from the house of Yahweh goeth forth, And hath watered the valley of Shittim."
"Egypt a desolation becometh, And Edom a desolation, a wilderness, becometh, For violence `to' sons of Judah, Whose innocent blood they shed in their land."
"And Judah to the age doth dwell, And Jerusalem to generation and generation."
"And I have declared their blood innocent, `That' I did not declare innocent, And Yahweh is dwelling in Zion!"
