"Give ye thanks to Yahweh, For good, for to the age  His kindness."
"I pray you, let Israel say, That, to the age  His kindness."
"I pray you, let the house of Aaron say, That, to the age  His kindness."
"I pray you, let those fearing Yahweh say, That, to the age  His kindness."
"From the straitness I called Jah, Jah answered me in a broad place."
"Yahweh  for me, I do not fear what man doth to me."
"Yahweh  for me among my helpers, And I -- I look on those hating me."
"Better to take refuge in Yahweh than to trust in man,"
"Better to take refuge in Yahweh, Than to trust in princes."
"All nations have compassed me about, In the name of Yahweh I surely cut them off."
"They have compassed me about, Yea, they have compassed me about, In the name of Yahweh I surely cut them off."
"They compassed me about as bees, They have been extinguished as a fire of thorns, In the name of Yahweh I surely cut them off."
"Thou hast sorely thrust me to fall, And Yahweh hath helped me."
"My strength and song  Jah, And He is to me for salvation."
"A voice of singing and salvation, `Is' in the tents of the righteous, The right hand of Yahweh is doing valiantly."
"The right hand of Yahweh is exalted, The right hand of Yahweh is doing valiantly."
"I do not die, but live, And recount the works of Jah,"
"Jah hath sorely chastened me, And to death hath not given me up."
"Open ye to me gates of righteousness, I enter into them -- I thank Jah."
"This  the gate to Yahweh, The righteous enter into it."
"I thank Thee, for Thou hast answered me, And art to me for salvation."
A stone the builders refused Hath become head of a corner.
"From Yahweh hath this been, It  wonderful in our eyes,"
"This  the day Yahweh hath made, We rejoice and are glad in it."
"I beseech Thee, O Yahweh, save, I pray Thee, I beseech Thee, O Yahweh, prosper, I pray Thee."
"Blessed  he who is coming In the name of Yahweh, We blessed you from the house of Yahweh,"
"God  Yahweh, and He giveth to us light, Direct ye the festal-sacrifice with cords, Unto the horns of the altar."
"My God Thou `art', and I confess Thee, My God, I exalt Thee."
"Give ye thanks to Yahweh, For good, for to the age,  His kindness!"
