"To the Overseer. -- A Psalm by David. Yahweh, Thou hast searched me, and knowest."
"Thou -- Thou hast known my sitting down, And my rising up, Thou hast attended to my thoughts from afar."
"My path and my couch Thou hast fanned, And `with' all my ways hast been acquainted."
"For there is not a word in my tongue, Lo, O Yahweh, Thou hast known it all!"
"Behind and before Thou hast besieged me, And Thou dost place on me Thy hand."
"Knowledge too wonderful for me, It hath been set on high, I am not able for it."
Whither do I go from Thy Spirit? And whither from Thy face do I flee?
"If I ascend the heavens -- there Thou `art', And spread out a couch in Sheol, lo, Thee!"
"I take the wings of morning, I dwell in the uttermost part of the sea,"
"Also there Thy hand doth lead me, And Thy right hand doth hold me."
"And I say, `Surely darkness bruiseth me, Then night  light to me."
"Also darkness hideth not from Thee, And night as day shineth, as  darkness so  light."
"For Thou -- Thou hast possessed my reins, Thou dost cover me in my mother's belly."
"I confess Thee, because that `with' wonders I have been distinguished. Wonderful `are' Thy works, And my soul is knowing `it' well."
"My substance was not hid from Thee, When I was made in secret, Curiously wrought in the lower part of earth."
"Mine unformed substance Thine eyes saw, And on Thy book all of them are written, The days they were formed -- And not one among them."
"And to me how precious have been Thy thoughts, O God, how great hath been their sum!"
"I recount them! than the sand they are more, I have waked, and I am still with Thee."
"Dost Thou slay, O God, the wicked? Then, men of blood, turn aside from me!"
"Who exchange Thee for wickedness, Lifted up to vanity `are' Thine enemies."
"Do not I hate, Yahweh, those hating Thee? And with Thy withstanders grieve myself?"
"`With' perfect hatred I have hated them, Enemies they have become to me."
"Search me, O God, and know my heart, Try me, and know my thoughts,"
"And see if a grievous way be in me, And lead me in a way age-during!"
