"To the Overseer, on `The Hind of the Morning.' -- A Psalm of David. My God, my God, why hast Thou forsaken me? Far from my salvation, The words of my roaring?"
"My God, I call by day, and Thou answerest not, And by night, and there is no silence to me."
"And Thou `art' holy, Sitting -- the Praise of Israel."
"In Thee did our fathers trust -- they trusted, And Thou dost deliver them."
"Unto Thee they cried, and were delivered, In Thee they trusted, and were not ashamed."
"And I `am' a worm, and no man, A reproach of man, and despised of the people."
"All beholding me do mock at me, They make free with the lip -- shake the head,"
"`Roll unto Yahweh, He doth deliver him, He doth deliver him, for he delighted in him.'"
"For thou `art' He bringing me forth from the womb, Causing me to trust, On the breasts of my mother."
"On Thee I have been cast from the womb, From the belly of my mother Thou `art' my God."
"Be not far from me, For adversity is near, for there is no helper."
"Many bulls have surrounded me, Mighty ones of Bashan have compassed me,"
"They have opened against me their mouth, A lion tearing and roaring."
"As waters I have been poured out, And separated themselves have all my bones, My heart hath been like wax, It is melted in the midst of my bowels."
"Dried up as an earthen vessel is my power, And my tongue is cleaving to my jaws."
"And to the dust of death thou appointest me, For surrounded me have dogs, A company of evil doers have compassed me, Piercing my hands and my feet."
"I count all my bones -- they look expectingly, They look upon me,"
"They apportion my garments to themselves, And for my clothing they cause a lot to fall."
"And Thou, O Yahweh, be not far off, O my strength, to help me haste."
"Deliver from the sword my soul, From the paw of a dog mine only one."
Save me from the mouth of a lion: -- And -- from the horns of the high places Thou hast answered me!
"I declare Thy name to my brethren, In the midst of the assembly I praise Thee."
"Ye who fear Yahweh, praise ye Him, All the seed of Jacob, honour ye Him, And be afraid of Him, all ye seed of Israel."
"For He hath not despised, nor abominated, The affliction of the afflicted, Nor hath He hidden His face from him, And in his crying unto Him He heareth."
Of Thee my praise  in the great assembly. My vows I complete before His fearers.
"The humble do eat and are satisfied, Praise Yahweh do those seeking Him, Your heart doth live for ever."
"Remember and return unto Yahweh, Do all ends of the earth, And before Thee bow themselves, Do all families of the nations,"
"For to Yahweh  the kingdom, And He is ruling among nations."
"And the fat ones of earth have eaten, And they bow themselves, Before Him bow do all going down to dust, And he `who' hath not revived his soul."
"A seed doth serve Him, It is declared of the Lord to the generation."
"They come and declare His righteousness, To a people that is borne, that He hath made!"
