"To the Overseer. -- A Psalm of David. In Thee, O Yahweh, I have trusted, Let me not be ashamed to the age, In Thy righteousness deliver me."
"Incline unto me Thine ear hastily, deliver me, Be to me for a strong rock, For a house of bulwarks to save me."
"For my rock and my bulwark `art' Thou, For Thy name's sake lead me and tend me."
"Bring me out from the net that they hid for me, For Thou `art' my strength."
"Into Thy hand I commit my spirit, Thou hast redeemed me, Yahweh God of truth."
"I have hated the observers of lying vanities, And I toward Yahweh have been confident."
"I rejoice, and am glad in Thy kindness, In that Thou hast seen mine affliction, Thou hast known in adversities my soul."
"And Thou hast not shut me up, Into the hand of an enemy, Thou hast caused my feet to stand in a broad place."
"Favour me, O Yahweh, for distress  to me, Mine eye, my soul, and my body Have become old by provocation."
"For my life hath been consumed in sorrow And my years in sighing. Feeble because of mine iniquity hath been my strength, And my bones have become old."
"Among all mine adversaries I have been a reproach, And to my neighbours exceedingly, And a fear to mine acquaintances, Those seeing me without -- fled from me."
"I have been forgotten as dead out of mind, I have been as a perishing vessel."
"For I have heard an evil account of many, Fear  round about. In their being united against me, To take my life they have devised,"
"And I on Thee -- I have trusted, O Yahweh, I have said, `Thou `art' my God.'"
"In Thy hand `are' my times, Deliver me from the hand of my enemies, And from my pursuers."
"Cause Thy face to shine on Thy servant, Save me in Thy kindness."
"O Yahweh, let me not be ashamed, For I have called Thee, let the wicked be ashamed, Let them become silent to Sheol."
"Let lips of falsehood become dumb, That are speaking against the righteous, Ancient sayings, in pride and contempt."
"How abundant is Thy goodness, That Thou hast laid up for those fearing Thee,"
"Thou hast wrought for those trusting in Thee, Before sons of men. Thou hidest them in the secret place of Thy presence, From artifices of man, Thou concealest them in a tabernacle, From the strife of tongues."
"Blessed  Yahweh, For He hath made marvellous His kindness To me in a city of bulwarks."
"And I -- I have said in my haste, `I have been cut off from before Thine eyes,' But Thou hast heard the voice of my supplications, In my crying unto Thee."
"Love Yahweh, all ye His saints, Yahweh is keeping the faithful, And recompensing abundantly a proud doer."
"Be strong, and He strengtheneth your heart, All ye who are waiting for Yahweh!"
