"By David. Do not fret because of evil doers, Be not envious against doers of iniquity,"
"For as grass speedily they are cut off, And as the greenness of the tender grass do fade."
"Trust in Yahweh, and do good, Dwell `in' the land, and enjoy faithfulness,"
"And delight thyself on Yahweh, And He giveth to thee the petitions of thy heart."
"Roll on Yahweh thy way, And trust upon Him, and He worketh,"
"And hath brought out as light thy righteousness, And thy judgment as noon-day."
"Be silent for Yahweh, and stay thyself for Him, Do not fret because of him Who is making prosperous his way, Because of a man doing wicked devices."
"Desist from anger, and forsake fury, Fret not thyself only to do evil."
"For evil doers are cut off, As to those waiting on Yahweh, they possess the land."
"And yet a little, and the wicked is not, And thou hast considered his place, and it is not."
"And the humble do possess the land, And they have delighted themselves In the abundance of peace."
"The wicked is devising against the righteous, And gnashing against him his teeth."
"The Lord doth laugh at him, For He hath seen that his day cometh."
"A sword have the wicked opened, And they have trodden their bow, To cause to fall the poor and needy, To slaughter the upright of the way."
"Their sword doth enter into their own heart, And their bows are shivered."
"Better  the little of the righteous, Than the store of many wicked."
"For the arms of the wicked are shivered, And Yahweh is sustaining the righteous."
"Yahweh knoweth the days of the perfect, And their inheritance is -- to the age."
"They are not ashamed in a time of evil, And in days of famine they are satisfied."
"But the wicked perish, and the enemies of Yahweh, As the preciousness of lambs, Have been consumed, In smoke they have been consumed."
"The wicked is borrowing and repayeth not, And the righteous is gracious and giving."
"For His blessed ones do possess the land, And His reviled ones are cut off."
"From Yahweh `are' the steps of a man, They have been prepared, And his way he desireth."
"When he falleth, he is not cast down, For Yahweh is sustaining his hand."
"Young I have been, I have also become old, And I have not seen the righteous forsaken, And his seed seeking bread."
"All the day he is gracious and lending, And his seed  for a blessing."
"Turn aside from evil, and do good, and dwell to the age."
"For Yahweh is loving judgment, And He doth not forsake His saintly ones, To the age they have been kept, And the seed of the wicked is cut off."
"The righteous possess the land, And they dwell for ever on it."
"The mouth of the righteous uttereth wisdom, And his tongue speaketh judgment."
"The law of his God  his heart, His steps do not slide."
"The wicked is watching for the righteous, And is seeking to put him to death."
"Yahweh doth not leave him in his hand, Nor condemn him in his being judged."
"Look unto Yahweh, and keep His way, And He doth exalt thee to possess the land, In the wicked being cut off -- thou seest!"
"I have seen the wicked terrible, And spreading as a green native plant,"
"And he passeth away, and lo, he is not, And I seek him, and he is not found!"
"Observe the perfect, and see the upright, For the latter end of each  peace."
"And transgressors were destroyed together, The latter end of the wicked was cut off."
"And the salvation of the righteous  from Yahweh, Their strong place in a time of adversity."
"And Yahweh doth help them and deliver them, He delivereth them from the wicked, And saveth them, Because they trusted in Him!"
