"To the Overseer. -- A Psalm, a song of David. Rise doth God -- scattered are His enemies! And those hating Him flee from His face."
"As the driving away of smoke Thou drivest away, As the melting of wax before fire, The wicked perish at the presence of God."
"And the righteous rejoice, they exult before God, And they joy with gladness."
"Sing ye to God -- praise His name, Raise up a highway for Him who is riding in deserts, In Jah  His name, and exult before Him."
"Father of the fatherless, and judge of the widows, `Is' God in His holy habitation."
"God -- causing the lonely to dwell at home, Bringing out bound ones into prosperity, Only -- the refractory have inhabited a dry place."
"O God, in Thy going forth before Thy people, In Thy stepping through the wilderness, Selah."
"The earth hath shaken, Yea, the heavens have dropped before God, This Sinai -- before God, the God of Israel."
"A shower of free-will gifts thou shakest out, O God. Thine inheritance, when it hath been weary, Thou hast established it."
"Thy company have dwelt in it, Thou preparest in Thy goodness for the poor, O God."
"The Lord doth give the saying, The female proclaimers `are' a numerous host."
"Kings of hosts flee utterly away, And a female inhabitant of the house apportioneth spoil."
"Though ye do lie between two boundaries, Wings of a dove covered with silver, And her pinions with yellow gold."
"When the Mighty spreadeth kings in it, It doth snow in Salmon."
"A hill of God  the hill of Bashan, A hill of heights  the hill of Bashan."
"Why do ye envy, O high hills, The hill God hath desired for His seat? Yahweh also doth tabernacle for ever."
"The chariots of God `are' myriads, thousands of changes, The Lord  among them, in Sinai, in the sanctuary."
"Thou hast ascended on high, Thou hast taken captive captivity, Thou hast taken gifts for men, That even the refractory may rest, O Jah God."
"Blessed  the Lord, day by day He layeth on us. God Himself  our salvation. Selah."
"God Himself  to us a God for deliverances, And Yahweh Lord hath the outgoings of death."
"Only -- God doth smite The head of His enemies, The hairy crown of a habitual walker in his guilt."
"The Lord said: `From Bashan I bring back, I bring back from the depths of the sea."
"So that thou dashest thy foot in blood, `In the blood of' enemies -- the tongue of Thy dogs.'"
"They have seen Thy goings, O God, Goings of my God, my king, in the sanctuary."
"Singers have been before, Behind `are' players on instruments, In the midst virgins playing with timbrels."
"In assemblies bless ye God, The Lord -- from the fountain of Israel."
"There  little Benjamin their ruler, Heads of Judah their defence, Heads of Zebulun -- heads of Naphtali."
"Thy God hath commanded thy strength, Be strong, O God, this Thou hast wrought for us."
"Because of Thy temple at Jerusalem, To Thee do kings bring a present."
"Rebuke a beast of the reeds, a company of bulls, With calves of the peoples, Each humbling himself with pieces of silver, Scatter Thou peoples delighting in conflicts."
"Come do fat ones out of Egypt, Cush causeth her hands to run to God."
"Kingdoms of the earth, sing ye to God, Praise ye the Lord. Selah."
"To him who is riding on the heavens of the heavens of old, Lo, He giveth with His voice a strong voice."
"Ascribe ye strength to God, Over Israel  His excellency, and His strength in the clouds."
"Fearful, O God, out of Thy sanctuaries, The God of Israel Himself, Giving strength and might to the people. Blessed  God!"
