"And they sit still three years, there is no war between Aram and Israel,"
"and it cometh to pass in the third year, that Jehoshaphat king of Judah cometh down unto the king of Israel,"
"and the king of Israel saith unto his servants, `Have ye not known that ours  Ramoth-Gilead? and we are keeping silent from taking it out of the hand of the king of Aram!'"
"And he saith unto Jehoshaphat, `Dost thou go with me to battle `to' Ramoth-Gilead?' and Jehoshaphat saith unto the king of Israel, `As I am, so thou; as my people, so thy people; as my horses, so thy horses.'"
"And Jehoshaphat saith unto the king of Israel, `Seek, I pray thee, to-day, the word of Yahweh;'"
"and the king of Israel gathereth the prophets, about four hundred men, and saith unto them, `Do I go against Ramoth-Gilead to battle, or do I forbear?' and they say, `Go up, and the Lord doth give `it' into the hand of the king.'"
"And Jehoshaphat saith, `Is there not here a prophet of Yahweh besides, and we seek by him?'"
"And the king of Israel saith unto Jehoshaphat, `Yet -- one man to seek Yahweh by him, and I have hated him, for he doth not prophesy concerning me good, but evil -- Micaiah son of Imlah;' and Jehoshaphat saith, `Let not the king say so.'"
"And the king of Israel calleth unto a certain eunuch, and saith, `Hasten Micaiah son of Imlah.'"
"And the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat king of Judah are sitting, each on his throne, clothed with garments, in a threshing-floor, at the opening of the gate of Samaria, and all the prophets are prophesying before them."
"And Zedekiah son of Chenaanah maketh for himself horns of iron, and saith, `Thus said Yahweh, By these thou dost push the Aramaeans till they are consumed;'"
"and all the prophets are prophesying so, saying, `Go up to Ramoth-Gilead, and prosper, and Yahweh hath given `it' into the hand of the king.'"
"And the messenger who hath gone to call Micaiah hath spoken unto him, saying, `Lo, I pray thee, the words of the prophets, with one mouth, `are' good towards the king; let it be, I pray thee, thy word as the word of one of them -- and thou hast spoken good.'"
"And Micaiah saith, `Yahweh liveth; surely that which Yahweh saith unto me -- it I speak.'"
"And he cometh in unto the king, and the king saith unto him, `Micaiah, do we go unto Ramoth-Gilead, to battle, or do we forbear?' and he saith unto him, `Go up, and prosper, and Yahweh hath given `it' into the hand of the king.'"
"And the king saith unto him, `How many times am I adjuring thee that thou speak nothing unto me but truth in the name of Yahweh?'"
"And he saith, `I have seen all Israel scattered on the hills as sheep that have no shepherd, and Yahweh saith, These have no master; they turn back each to his house in peace.'"
"And the king of Israel saith unto Jehoshaphat, `Have I not said unto thee, He doth not prophesy of me good, but evil?'"
"And he saith, `Therefore, hear a word of Yahweh; I have seen Yahweh sitting on His throne, and all the host of the heavens standing by Him, on His right and on His left;"
"and Yahweh saith, Who doth entice Ahab, and he doth go up and fall in Ramoth-Gilead? and this one saith thus, and that one is saying thus."
"`And the spirit goeth out, and standeth before Yahweh, and saith, I -- I do entice him; and Yahweh saith unto him, By what?"
"and he saith, I go out, and have been a spirit of falsehood in the mouth of all his prophets; and He saith, Thou dost entice, and also thou art able; go out and do so."
"And now, lo, Yahweh hath put a spirit of falsehood in the mouth of all these thy prophets, and Yahweh hath spoken concerning thee -- evil.'"
"And Zedekiah son of Chenaanah draweth nigh, and smiteth Micaiah on the cheek, and saith, `Where  this -- he hath passed over -- the Spirit of Yahweh -- from me to speak with thee?'"
"And Micaiah saith, `Lo, thou art seeing on that day, when thou goest in to the innermost chamber to be hidden.'"
"And the king of Israel saith, `Take Micaiah, and turn him back unto Amon head of the city, and unto Joash son of the king,"
"and thou hast said, Thus said the king, Place ye this one in the house of restraint, and cause him to eat bread of oppression, and water of oppression, till my coming in peace.'"
"And Micaiah saith, `If thou at all return in peace -- Yahweh hath not spoken by me;' and he saith, `Hear, O peoples, all of them.'"
"And the king of Israel goeth up, and Jehoshaphat king of Judah, to Ramoth-Gilead."
"And the king of Israel saith unto Jehoshaphat to disguise himself, and to go into battle, `And thou, put on thy garments.' And the king of Israel disguiseth himself, and goeth into battle."
"And the king of Aram commanded the heads of the charioteers whom he hath -- thirty and two -- saying, `Ye do not fight with small or with great, but with the king of Israel by himself.'"
"And it cometh to pass, at the heads of the charioteers seeing Jehoshaphat, that they said, `He  only the king of Israel;' and they turn aside to him to fight, and Jehoshaphat crieth out,"
"and it cometh to pass, at the heads of the charioteers seeing that he  not the king of Israel, that they turn back from after him."
"And a man hath drawn with a bow, in his simplicity, and smiteth the king of Israel between the joinings and the coat of mail, and he saith to his charioteer, `Turn thy hand, and take me out from the camp, for I have become sick.'"
"And the battle increaseth on that day, and the king hath been caused to stand in the chariot, over-against Aram, and he dieth in the evening, and the blood of the wound runneth out unto the midst of the chariot,"
"and he causeth the cry to pass over through the camp, at the going in of the sun, saying, `Each unto his city, and each unto his land.'"
"And the king dieth, and cometh into Samaria, and they bury the king in Samaria;"
"and `one' rinseth the chariot by the pool of Samaria, and the dogs lick his blood -- when the armour they had washed -- according to the word of Yahweh that He spake."
"And the rest of the matters of Ahab, and all that he did, and the house of ivory that he built, and all the cities that he built, are they not written on the book of the Chronicles of the kings of Israel?"
"And Ahab lieth with his fathers, and Ahaziah his son reigneth in his stead."
"And Jehoshaphat son of Asa hath reigned over Judah in the fourth year of Ahab king of Israel,"
"Jehoshaphat  a son of thirty and five years in his reigning, and twenty and five years he hath reigned in Jerusalem, and the name of his mother  Azubah daughter of Shilhi."
"And he walketh in all the way of Asa his father, he hath not turned aside from it, to do that which  right in the eyes of Yahweh; only the high places have not turned aside, yet are the people sacrificing and making perfume in high places."
And Jehoshaphat maketh peace with the king of Israel;
"and the rest of the matters of Jehoshaphat, and his might that he got, and with which he fought, are they not written on the book of the Chronicles of the kings of Judah?"
And the remnant of the whoremongers who were left in the days of Asa his father he took away out of the land;
and there is no king in Edom; he set up a king.
"Jehoshaphat made ships at Tarshish to go to Ophir for gold, and they went not, for the ships were broken in Ezion-Geber."
"Then said Ahaziah son of Ahab unto Jehoshaphat, `Let my servants go with thy servants in the ships;' and Jehoshaphat was not willing."
"And Jehoshaphat lieth with his fathers, and is buried with his fathers in the city of David his father, and Jehoram his son reigneth in his stead."
"Ahaziah son of Ahab hath reigned over Israel in Samaria in the seventeenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah, and reigneth over Israel two years,"
"and doth the evil thing in the eyes of Yahweh, and walketh in the way of his father, and in the way of his mother, and in the way of Jeroboam son of Nebat who caused Israel to sin,"
"and serveth the Baal, and boweth himself to it, and provoketh Yahweh, God of Israel, according to all that his father had done."
