"And Hiram king of Tyre sendeth his servants unto Solomon, for he heard that they had anointed him for king instead of his father, for Hiram was a lover of David all the days;"
"and Solomon sendeth unto Hiram, saying,"
"`Thou hast known David my father, that he hath not been able to build a house to the name of Yahweh his God, because of the wars that have been round about him, till Yahweh's putting them under the soles of his feet."
"`And now, Yahweh my God hath given rest to me round about, there is no adversary nor evil occurrence,"
"and lo, I am saying to build a house to the name of Yahweh my God, as Yahweh spake unto David my father, saying, Thy son whom I appoint in thy stead on thy throne, he doth build the house for My name."
"`And now, command, and they cut down for me cedars out of Lebanon, and my servants are with thy servants, and the hire of thy servants I give to thee according to all that thou sayest, for thou hast known that there is not among us a man acquainted with cutting wood, like the Sidonians.'"
"And it cometh to pass at Hiram's hearing the words of Solomon, that he rejoiceth exceedingly, and saith, `Blessed  Yahweh to-day, who hath given to David a wise son over this numerous people.'"
"And Hiram sendeth unto Solomon, saying, I have heard that which thou hast sent unto me, I do all thy desire concerning cedar-wood, and fir-wood,"
"my servants bring down from Lebanon to the sea, and I make them floats in the sea unto the place that thou sendest unto me, and I have spread them out there; and thou dost take `them' up, and thou dost execute my desire, to give the food of my house.'"
"And Hiram is giving to Solomon cedar-trees, and fir-trees, all his desire,"
"and Solomon hath given to Hiram twenty thousand cors of wheat, food for his house, and twenty cors of beaten oil; thus doth Solomon give to Hiram year by year."
"And Yahweh hath given wisdom to Solomon as He spake to him, and there is peace between Hiram and Solomon, and they make a covenant both of them."
"And king Solomon lifteth up a tribute out of all Israel, and the tribute is thirty thousand men,"
"and he sendeth them to Lebanon, ten thousand a month, by changes, a month they are in Lebanon, two months in their own house; and Adoniram  over the tribute."
"And king Solomon hath seventy thousand bearing burdens, and eighty thousand hewing in the mountain,"
"apart from the heads of the officers of Solomon, who `are' over the work, three thousand and three hundred, those ruling over the people who are working in the business."
"And the king commandeth, and they bring great stones, precious stone, to lay the foundation of the house, hewn stones;"
"and the builders of Solomon, and the builders of Hiram, and the Giblites hew, and prepare the wood and the stones to build the house."
