"And it cometh to pass, in the four hundred and eightieth year of the going out of the sons of Israel from the land of Egypt, in the fourth year -- in the month of Zif, it  the second month -- of the reigning of Solomon over Israel, that he buildeth the house for Yahweh."
"As to the house that king Solomon hath built for Yahweh, sixty cubits  its length, and twenty its breadth, and thirty cubits its height."
"As to the porch on the front of the temple of the house, twenty cubits  its length on the front of the breadth of the house; ten by the cubit  its breadth on the front of the house;"
and he maketh for the house windows of narrow lights.
"And he buildeth against the wall of the house a couch round about, `even' the walls of the house round about, of the temple and of the oracle, and maketh sides round about."
"The lowest couch, five by the cubit  its breadth; and the middle, six by the cubit  its breadth; and the third, seven by the cubit  its breadth, for withdrawings he hath put to the house round about, without -- not to lay hold on the walls of the house."
"And the house, in its being built, of perfect stone brought `thither' hath been built, and hammer, and the axe -- any instrument of iron -- was not heard in the house, in its being built."
"The opening of the middle side  at the right shoulder of the house, and with windings they go up on the middle one, and from the middle one unto the third."
"And he buildeth the house, and completeth it, and covereth the house `with' beams and rows of cedars."
"And he buildeth the couch against all the house, five cubits  its height, and it taketh hold of the house by cedar-wood."
"And the word of Yahweh is unto Solomon, saying,"
"`This house that thou art building -- if thou dost walk in My statutes, and My judgments dost do, yea, hast done all My commands, to walk in them, then I have established My word with thee, which I spake unto David thy father,"
"and have tabernacled in the midst of the sons of Israel, and do not forsake My people Israel.'"
And Solomon buildeth the house and completeth it;
"and he buildeth the walls of the house within with beams of cedar, from the floor of the house unto the walls of the ceiling; he hath overlaid with wood the inside, and covereth the floor of the house with ribs of fir."
"And he buildeth the twenty cubits on the sides of the house with ribs of cedar, from the floor unto the walls; and he buildeth for it within, for the oracle, for the holy of holies."
"And forty by the cubit was the house, it  the temple before `it'."
"And the cedar for the house within  carvings of knobs and openings of flowers; the whole  cedar, there is not a stone seen."
"And the oracle in the midst of the house within he hath prepared, to put there the ark of the covenant of Yahweh."
"And before the oracle  twenty cubits in length, and twenty cubits in breadth, and twenty cubits  its height; and he overlayeth it with gold refined, and overlayeth the altar with cedar."
"And Solomon overlayeth the house within with gold refined, and causeth `it' to pass over in chains of gold before the oracle, and overlayeth it with gold."
"And the whole of the house he hath overlaid with gold, till the completion of all the house; and the whole of the altar that the oracle hath, he hath overlaid with gold."
"And he maketh within the oracle two cherubs, of the oil-tree, ten cubits  their height;"
"and five cubits  the one wing of the cherub, and five cubits the second wing of the cherub, ten cubits from the ends of its wings even unto the ends of its wings;"
"and ten by the cubit  the second cherub, one measure and one form `are' to the two cherubs,"
"the height of the one cherub  ten by the cubit, and so  the second cherub;"
"and he setteth the cherubs in the midst of the inner house, and they spread out the wings of the cherubs, and a wing of the one cometh against the wall, and a wing of the second cherub is coming against the second wall, and their wings `are' unto the midst of the house, coming wing against wing;"
"and he overlayeth the cherubs with gold,"
"and all the walls of the house round about he hath carved with openings of carvings, cherubs, and palm trees, and openings of flowers, within and without."
"And the floor of the house he hath overlaid with gold, within and without;"
"as to the opening of the oracle, he made doors of the oil-tree; the lintel, side-posts, a fifth."
"And the two doors `are' of the oil-tree, and he hath carved upon them carvings of cherubs, and palm-trees, and openings of flowers, and overlaid with gold, and he causeth the gold to go down on the cherubs and on the palm-trees."
"And so he hath made for the opening of the temple, side-posts of the oil-tree, from the fourth."
"And the two doors `are' of fir-tree, the two sides of the one door are revolving, and the two hangings of the second door are revolving."
"And he hath carved cherubs, and palms, and openings of flowers, and overlaid with straightened gold the graved work."
"And he buildeth the inner court, three rows of hewn work, and a row of beams of cedar."
"In the fourth year hath the house of Yahweh been founded, in the month Zif,"
"and in the eleventh year, in the month Bul -- `that is' the eighth month -- hath the house been finished in all its matters, and in all its ordinances, and he buildeth it seven years."
