"When Ephraim speaketh tremblingly, He hath been lifted up in Israel, When he becometh guilty in Baal he dieth."
"And now do they add to sin, And make to them a molten image of their silver, By their own understanding -- idols, A work of artizans -- all of it, Of them they say, who `are' sacrificers among men, `The calves let them kiss.'"
"Therefore they are as a cloud of the morning, And as dew, rising early, going away, As chaff tossed about out of a floor, And as smoke out of a window."
"And I `am' Yahweh thy God from the land of Egypt, And a God besides Me thou dost not know, And a Saviour -- there is none save Me."
"I -- I have known thee in a wilderness, In a land of droughts."
"According to their feedings they are satiated, They have been satiated, And their heart is lifted up, Therefore they have forgotten Me,"
"And I am to them as a lion, As a leopard by the way I look out."
"I do meet them as a bereaved bear, And I rend the enclosure of their heart."
"And I consume them there as a lioness, A beast of the field doth rend them."
"Thou hast destroyed thyself, O Israel, But in Me  thy help, Where  thy king now -- And he doth save thee in all thy cities? And thy judges of whom thou didst say, `Give to me a king and heads?'"
"I give to thee a king in Mine anger, And I take away in My wrath."
"Bound up  the iniquity of Ephraim, Hidden  his sin,"
"Pangs of a travailing woman come to him, He  a son not wise, For he remaineth not the time for the breaking forth of sons."
"From the hand of Sheol I do ransom them, From death I redeem them, Where  thy plague, O death? Where thy destruction, O Sheol? Repentance is hid from Mine eyes."
"Though he among brethren produceth fruit, Come in doth an east wind, a wind of Yahweh, From a wilderness it is coming up, And it drieth up his fountain, And become dry doth his spring, It -- it spoileth a treasure -- every desirable vessel."
"Become desolate doth Samaria, Because she hath rebelled against her God, By sword they do fall, Their sucklings are dashed in pieces, And its pregnant ones are ripped up!"
