"In the second year of Darius the king, in the sixth month, in the first day of the month, hath a word of Yahweh been by the hand of Haggai the prophet, unto Zerubbabel son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and unto Joshua son of Josedech, the high priest, saying:"
"Thus spake Yahweh of Hosts, saying: This people! -- they have said, `The time hath not come, The time the house of Yahweh  to be built.'"
"And there is a word of Yahweh by the hand of Haggai the prophet, saying:"
"Is it time for you -- you! To dwell in your covered houses, And this house to lie waste?"
"And now, thus said Yahweh of Hosts, Set your heart to your ways."
"Ye have sown much, and brought in little, To eat, and not to satiety, To drink, and not to drunkenness, To clothe, and none hath heat, And he who is hiring himself out, Is hiring himself for a bag pierced through."
Thus said Yahweh of Hosts: Set your heart to your ways.
"Go up the mountain, and ye have brought in wood, And build the house, and I am pleased with it. And I am honoured, said Yahweh."
"Looking for much, and lo, little, And ye brought `it' home, and I blew on it, Wherefore? -- an affirmation of Yahweh of Hosts, Because of My house that is waste, And ye are running -- each to his house,"
"Therefore, over you refrained have the heavens from dew, And the land hath refrained its increase."
"And I proclaim draught on the land, And on the mountains, and on the corn, And on the new wine, and on the oil, And on what the ground doth bring forth, And on man, and on beast, And on all labour of the hands.'"
"And Zerubbabel son of Shealtiel, and Joshua son of Josedech, the high priest, and all the remnant of the people, do hearken to the voice of Yahweh their God, and unto the words of Haggai the prophet, as Yahweh their God had sent him, and the people are afraid of the face of Yahweh."
"And Haggai, messenger of Yahweh, in messages of Yahweh, speaketh to the people, saying: `I `am' with you, an affirmation of Yahweh.'"
"And Yahweh doth stir up the spirit of Zerubbabel son of Shealtiel, governor of Judah, and the spirit of Joshua son of Josedech, the high priest, and the spirit of all the remnant of the people, and they come in, and do work in the house of Yahweh of Hosts their God,"
"in the twenty and fourth day of the sixth month, in the second year of Darius the king."
