"Praise ye Jah, give thanks to Yahweh, For good, for to the age,  His kindness."
Who doth utter the mighty acts of Yahweh? Soundeth all His praise?
"O the happiness of those keeping judgment, Doing righteousness at all times."
"Remember me, O Yahweh, With the favour of Thy people, Look after me in Thy salvation."
"To look on the good of Thy chosen ones, To rejoice in the joy of Thy nation, To boast myself with Thine inheritance."
"We have sinned with our fathers, We have done perversely, we have done wickedly."
"Our fathers in Egypt, Have not considered wisely Thy wonders, They have not remembered The abundance of Thy kind acts, And provoke by the sea, at the sea of Suph."
"And He saveth them for His name's sake, To make known His might,"
"And rebuketh the sea of Suph, and it is dried up, And causeth them to go Through depths as a wilderness."
"And He saveth them from the hand Of him who is hating, And redeemeth them from the hand of the enemy."
"And waters cover their adversaries, One of them hath not been left."
"And they believe in His words, they sing His praise,"
"They have hasted -- forgotten His works, They have not waited for His counsel."
"And they lust greatly in a wilderness, And try God in a desert."
"And He giveth to them their request, And sendeth leanness into their soul."
"And they are envious of Moses in the camp, Of Aaron, Yahweh's holy one."
"Earth openeth, and swalloweth up Dathan, And covereth over the company of Abiram."
"And fire burneth among their company, A flame setteth on fire the wicked."
"They make a calf in Horeb, And bow themselves to a molten image,"
And change their Honour Into the form of an ox eating herbs.
"They have forgotten God their saviour, The doer of great things in Egypt,"
"Of wonderful things in the land of Ham, Of fearful things by the sea of Suph."
"And He saith to destroy them, Unless Moses, His chosen one, Had stood in the breach before Him, To turn back His wrath from destroying."
"And they kick against the desirable land, They have not given credence to His word."
"And they murmur in their tents, They have not hearkened to the voice of Yahweh."
"And He lifteth up His hand to them, To cause them to fall in a wilderness,"
"And to cause their seed to fall among nations, And to scatter them through lands."
"And they are coupled to Baal-Peor, And eat the sacrifices of the dead,"
"And they provoke to anger by their actions, And a plague breaketh forth upon them,"
"And Phinehas standeth, and executeth judgment, And the plague is restrained,"
"And it is reckoned to him to righteousness, To all generations -- unto the age."
"And they cause wrath by the waters of Meribah, And it is evil to Moses for their sakes,"
"For they have provoked his spirit, And he speaketh wrongfully with his lips."
"They have not destroyed the peoples, As Yahweh had said to them,"
"And mix themselves among nations, and learn their works,"
"And serve their idols, And they are to them for a snare."
"And they sacrifice their sons And their daughters to destroyers,"
"And they shed innocent blood -- Blood of their sons and of their daughters, Whom they have sacrificed to idols of Canaan, And the land is profaned with blood."
"And they are defiled with their works, And commit whoredom in their habitual doings."
"And the anger of Yahweh Is kindled against His people, And He doth abominate His inheritance."
"And giveth them into the hand of nations, And those hating them rule over them,"
"And their enemies oppress them, And they are humbled under their hand."
"Many times He doth deliver them, And they rebel in their counsel, And they are brought low in their iniquity."
"And He looketh on their distress When He heareth their cry,"
"And remembereth for them His covenant, And is comforted, According to the abundance of His kindness."
And He appointeth them for mercies Before all their captors.
"Save us, O Yahweh our God, and gather us from the nations, To give thanks to Thy holy name, To glory in Thy praise."
"Blessed  Yahweh, God of Israel, From the age even unto the age. And all the people said, `Amen, praise Jah!'"
