"`Give ye thanks to Yahweh, For good, for to the age  His kindness:'"
"Let the redeemed of Yahweh say, Whom He redeemed from the hand of an adversary."
"And from the lands hath gathered them, From east and from west, From north, and from the sea."
"They wandered in a wilderness, in a desert by the way, A city of habitation they have not found."
"Hungry -- yea -- thirsty, Their soul in them becometh feeble,"
"And they cry unto Yahweh in their adversity, From their distress He delivereth them,"
"And causeth them to tread in a right way, To go unto a city of habitation."
"They confess to Yahweh His kindness, And His wonders to the sons of men."
"For He hath satisfied a longing soul, And a hungry soul hath filled `with' goodness."
"Inhabitants of dark places and death-shade, Prisoners of affliction and of iron,"
"Because they changed the saying of God, And the counsel of the Most High despised."
"And He humbleth with labour their heart, They have been feeble, and there is no helper."
"And they cry unto Yahweh in their adversity, From their distresses He saveth them."
"He bringeth them out from the dark place, And death-shade, And their bands He draweth away."
"They confess to Yahweh His kindness, And His wonders to the sons of men."
"For He hath broken doors of brass, And bars of iron He hath cut."
"Fools, by means of their transgression, And by their iniquities, afflict themselves."
"All food doth their soul abominate, And they come nigh unto the gates of death,"
"And cry unto Yahweh in their adversity, From their distresses He saveth them,"
"He sendeth His word and healeth them, And delivereth from their destructions."
"They confess to Yahweh His kindness, And His wonders to the sons of men,"
"And they sacrifice sacrifices of thanksgiving, And recount His works with singing."
"Those going down `to' the sea in ships, Doing business in many waters,"
"They have seen the works of Yahweh, And His wonders in the deep."
"And He saith, and appointeth a tempest, And it lifteth up its billows,"
"They go up `to' the heavens, they go down `to' the depths, Their soul in evil is melted."
"They reel to and fro, and move as a drunkard, And all their wisdom is swallowed up."
"And they cry to Yahweh in their adversity, And from their distresses He bringeth them out."
"He establisheth a whirlwind to a calm, And hushed are their billows."
"And they rejoice because they are quiet, And He leadeth them to the haven of their desire."
"They confess to Yahweh His kindness, And His wonders to the sons of men,"
"And they exalt Him in the assembly of the people, And in the seat of the elders praise Him."
"He maketh rivers become a wilderness, And fountains of waters become dry land."
"A fruitful land becometh a barren place, For the wickedness of its inhabitants."
"He maketh a wilderness become a pool of water, And a dry land become fountains of waters."
"And He causeth the hungry to dwell there, And they prepare a city of habitation."
"And they sow fields, and plant vineyards, And they make fruits of increase."
"And He blesseth them, and they multiply exceedingly, And their cattle He doth not diminish."
"And they are diminished, and bow down, By restraint, evil, and sorrow."
"He is pouring contempt upon nobles, And causeth them to wander in vacancy -- no way."
"And setteth on high the needy from affliction, And placeth families as a flock."
"The upright do see and rejoice, And all perversity hath shut her mouth."
"Who  wise, and observeth these? They understand the kind acts of Yahweh!"
