"By David. Strive, Yahweh, with my strivers, fight with my fighters,"
"Take hold of shield and buckler, and rise for my help,"
"And draw out spear and lance, To meet my pursuers. Say to my soul, `Thy salvation I `am'.'"
"They are ashamed and blush, those seeking my soul, Turned backward and confounded, Those devising my evil."
"They are as chaff before wind, And a messenger of Yahweh driving away."
"Their way is darkness and slipperiness, And a messenger of Yahweh their pursuer."
"For without cause they hid for me their netpit, Without cause they digged for my soul."
"Meet him doth desolation -- he knoweth not, And his net that he hid catcheth him, For desolation he falleth into it."
"And my soul is joyful in Yahweh, It rejoiceth in His salvation."
"All my bones say, `Yahweh, who is like Thee, Delivering the poor from the stronger than he, And the poor and needy from his plunderer.'"
"Violent witnesses rise up, That which I have not known they ask me."
"They pay me evil for good, bereaving my soul,"
"And I -- in their sickness my clothing  sackcloth, I have humbled with fastings my soul, And my prayer unto my bosom returneth."
"As `if' a friend, as `if' my brother, I walked habitually, As a mourner for a mother, Mourning I have bowed down."
"And -- in my halting they have rejoiced, And have been gathered together, Gathered against me were the smiters, And I have not known, They have rent, and they have not ceased;"
"With profane ones, mockers in feasts, Gnashing against me their teeth."
"Lord, how long dost thou behold? Keep back my soul from their desolations, From young lions my only one."
"I thank Thee in a great assembly, Among a mighty people I praise Thee."
"Mine enemies rejoice not over me `with' falsehood, Those hating me without cause wink the eye."
"For they speak not peace, And against the quiet of the land, Deceitful words they devise,"
"And they enlarge against me their mouth, They said, `Aha, aha, our eye hath seen.'"
"Thou hast seen, O Yahweh, Be not silent, O Lord -- be not far from me,"
"Stir up, and wake to my judgment, My God, and my Lord, to my plea."
"Judge me according to Thy righteousness, O Yahweh my God, And they do not rejoice over me."
"They do not say in their heart, `Aha, our desire.' They do not say, `We swallowed him up.'"
"They are ashamed and confounded together, Who are rejoicing at my evil. They put on shame and confusion, Who are magnifying themselves against me."
"They sing and rejoice, who are desiring my righteousness, And they say continually, `Yahweh is magnified, Who is desiring the peace of His servant.'"
"And my tongue uttereth Thy righteousness, All the day Thy praise!"
