"To the Overseer. -- A Psalm of David. I have diligently expected Yahweh, And He inclineth to me, and heareth my cry,"
"And He doth cause me to come up From a pit of desolation -- from mire of mud, And He raiseth up on a rock my feet, He is establishing my steps."
"And He putteth in my mouth a new song, `Praise to our God.' Many do see and fear, and trust in Yahweh."
"O the happiness of the man Who hath made Yahweh his trust, And hath not turned unto the proud, And those turning aside to lies."
"Much hast Thou done, Yahweh my God; Thy wonders and Thy thoughts toward us, There is none to arrange unto Thee, I declare and speak: They have been more than to be numbered."
"Sacrifice and present Thou hast not desired, Ears Thou hast prepared for me, Burnt and sin-offering Thou hast not asked."
"Then said I, `Lo, I have come,' In the roll of the book it is written of me,"
"To do Thy pleasure, my God, I have delighted, And Thy law  within my heart."
"I have proclaimed tidings of righteousness In the great assembly, lo, my lips I restrain not, O Yahweh, Thou hast known."
"Thy righteousness I have not concealed In the midst of my heart, Thy faithfulness and Thy salvation I have told, I have not hidden Thy kindness and Thy truth, To the great assembly."
"Thou, O Yahweh, restrainest not Thy mercies from me, Thy kindness and Thy truth do continually keep me."
"For compassed me have evils innumerable, Overtaken me have mine iniquities, And I have not been able to see; They have been more than the hairs of my head, And my heart hath forsaken me."
"Be pleased, O Yahweh, to deliver me, O Yahweh, for my help make haste."
"They are ashamed and confounded together, Who are seeking my soul to destroy it, They are turned backward, And are ashamed, who are desiring my evil."
"They are desolate because of their shame, Who are saying to me, `Aha, aha.'"
"All seeking Thee rejoice and are glad in Thee, Those loving Thy salvation say continually, `Yahweh is magnified.'"
"And I `am' poor and needy, The Lord doth devise for me. My help and my deliverer `art' Thou, O my God, tarry Thou not."
