"A Psalm of Asaph. The God of gods -- Yahweh -- hath spoken, And He calleth to the earth From the rising of the sun unto its going in."
"From Zion, the perfection of beauty, God shone."
"Our God cometh, and is not silent, Fire before Him doth devour, And round about him it hath been very tempestuous."
"He doth call unto the heavens from above, And unto the earth, to judge His people."
"Gather ye to Me My saints, Making covenant with Me over a sacrifice."
"And the heavens declare His righteousness, For God Himself  judge. Selah."
"Hear, O My people, and I speak, O Israel, and I testify against thee, God, thy God `am' I."
"Not for thy sacrifices do I reprove thee, Yea, thy burnt-offerings `Are' before Me continually."
"I take not from thy house a bullock, From thy folds he goats."
"For Mine  every beast of the forest, The cattle on the hills of oxen."
"I have known every fowl of the mountains, And the wild beast of the field  with Me."
"If I am hungry I tell not to thee, For Mine  the world and its fulness."
"Do I eat the flesh of bulls, And drink the blood of he-goats?"
"Sacrifice to God confession, And complete to the Most High thy vows."
"And call Me in a day of adversity, I deliver thee, and thou honourest Me."
And to the wicked hath God said: What to thee -- to recount My statutes? That thou liftest up My covenant on thy mouth?
"Yea, thou hast hated instruction, And dost cast My words behind thee."
"If thou hast seen a thief, Then thou art pleased with him, And with adulterers  thy portion."
"Thy mouth thou hast sent forth with evil, And thy tongue joineth deceit together,"
"Thou sittest, against thy brother thou speakest, Against a son of thy mother givest slander."
"These thou didst, and I kept silent, Thou hast thought that I am like thee, I reprove thee, and set in array before thine eyes."
"Understand this, I pray you, Ye who are forgetting God, Lest I tear, and there is no deliverer."
"He who is sacrificing praise honoureth Me, As to him who maketh a way, I cause him to look on the salvation of God!"
