"To the Overseer with stringed instruments. -- An instruction, by David. Give ear, O God, `to' my prayer, And hide not from my supplication."
"Attend to me, and answer me, I mourn in my meditation, and make a noise,"
"Because of the voice of an enemy, Because of the oppression of the wicked, For they cause sorrow to move against me, And in anger they hate me."
"My heart is pained within me, And terrors of death have fallen on me."
"Fear and trembling come in to me, And horror doth cover me."
"And I say, `Who doth give to me a pinion as a dove? I fly away and rest,"
"Lo, I move far off, I lodge in a wilderness. Selah."
"I hasten escape for myself, From a rushing wind, from a whirlwind."
"Swallow up, O Lord, divide their tongue, For I saw violence and strife in a city."
"By day and by night they go round it, on its walls. Both iniquity and perverseness `are' in its midst,"
Mischiefs `are' in its midst. Fraud and deceit depart not from its street.
"For an enemy reproacheth me not, or I bear `it', He who is hating me Hath not magnified himself against me, Or I hide from him."
"But thou, a man -- as mine equal, My familiar friend, and mine acquaintance."
"When together we sweeten counsel, Into the house of God we walk in company."
"Desolations `are' upon them, They go down `to' Sheol -- alive, For wickedness  in their dwelling, in their midst."
"I -- to God I call, and Yahweh saveth me."
"Evening, and morning, and noon, I meditate, and make a noise, and He heareth my voice,"
"He hath ransomed in peace my soul From him who is near to me, For with the multitude they were with me."
"God doth hear and afflict them, And He sitteth of old. Selah. Because they have no changes, and fear not God,"
"He hath sent forth his hands against his well-wishers, He hath polluted his covenant."
"Sweeter than honey hath been his mouth, And his heart  war! Softer have been his words than oil, And they `are' drawn `swords'."
"Cast on Yahweh that which He hath given thee, And He doth sustain thee, He doth not suffer for ever the moving of the righteous."
"And Thou, O God, dost bring them down To a pit of destruction, Men of blood and deceit reach not to half their days, And I -- I do trust in Thee!"
