"To the Overseer. -- `On the Lilies,' by David. Save me, O God, for come have waters unto the soul."
"I have sunk in deep mire, And there is no standing, I have come into the depths of the waters, And a flood hath overflown me."
"I have been wearied with my calling, Burnt hath been my throat, Consumed have been mine eyes, waiting for my God."
"Those hating me without cause Have been more than the hairs of my head, Mighty have been my destroyers, My lying enemies, That which I took not away -- I bring back."
"O God, Thou -- Thou hast known Concerning my overturn, And my desolations from Thee have not been hid."
"Let not those waiting on Thee be ashamed because of me, O Lord, Yahweh of Hosts, Let not those seeking Thee Blush because of me, O God of Israel."
"For because of Thee I have borne reproach, Shame hath covered my face."
"A stranger I have been to my brother, And a foreigner to sons of my mother."
"For zeal for Thy house hath consumed me, And the reproaches of Thy reproachers Have fallen upon me."
"And I weep in the fasting of my soul, And it is for a reproach to me."
"And I make my clothing sackcloth, And I am to them for a simile."
"Those sitting at the gate meditate concerning me, And those drinking strong drink, Play on instruments."
"And I -- my prayer  to Thee, O Yahweh, A time of good pleasure, O God, In the abundance of Thy kindness, Answer me in the truth of Thy salvation."
"Deliver me from the mire, and let me not sink, Let me be delivered from those hating me, And from deep places of waters."
"Let not a flood of waters overflow me, Nor let the deep swallow me up, Nor let the pit shut her mouth upon me."
"Answer me, O Yahweh, for good  Thy kindness, According to the abundance Of Thy mercies turn Thou unto me,"
"And hide not Thy face from Thy servant, For I am in distress -- haste, answer me."
"Be near unto my soul -- redeem it, Because of mine enemies ransom me."
"Thou -- Thou hast known my reproach, And my shame, and my blushing, Before Thee `are' all mine adversaries."
"Reproach hath broken my heart, and I am sick, And I look for a bemoaner, and there is none, And for comforters, and I have found none."
"And they give for my food gall, And for my thirst cause me to drink vinegar."
"Their table before them is for a snare, And for a recompence -- for a trap."
"Darkened are their eyes from seeing, And their loins continually shake Thou."
"Pour upon them Thine indignation, And the fierceness of Thine anger doth seize them."
"Their tower is desolated, In their tents there is no dweller."
"For they have pursued him Thou hast smitten, And recount of the pain of Thy pierced ones."
"Give punishment for their iniquity, And they enter not into Thy righteousness."
"They are blotted out of the book of life, And with the righteous are not written."
"And I `am' afflicted and pained, Thy salvation, O God, doth set me on high."
"I praise the name of God with a song, And I magnify Him with thanksgiving,"
"And it is better to Yahweh than an ox, A bullock -- horned -- hoofed."
"The humble have seen -- they rejoice, Ye who seek God -- and your heart liveth."
"For Yahweh hearkeneth unto the needy, And His bound ones He hath not despised."
"The heavens and earth do praise Him, Seas, and every moving thing in them."
"For God doth save Zion, And doth build the cities of Judah, And they have dwelt there, and possess it."
"And the seed of His servants inherit it, And those loving His name dwell in it!"
