"An Instruction of Asaph. Why, O God, hast Thou cast off for ever? Thine anger smoketh against the flock of Thy pasture."
"Remember Thy company. Thou didst purchase of old, Thou didst redeem the rod of Thy inheritance, This mount Zion -- Thou didst dwell in it."
"Lift up Thy steps to the perpetual desolations, Everything the enemy did wickedly in the sanctuary."
"Roared have thine adversaries, In the midst of Thy meeting-places, They have set their ensigns as ensigns."
He is known as one bringing in on high Against a thicket of wood -- axes.
"And now, its carvings together With axe and hatchet they break down,"
"They have sent into fire Thy sanctuary, to the earth they polluted the tabernacle of Thy name,"
"They said in their hearts, `Let us oppress them together,' They did burn all the meeting-places of God in the land."
"Our ensigns we have not seen, There is no more a prophet, Nor with us is one knowing how long."
"Till when, O God, doth an adversary reproach? Doth an enemy despise thy name for ever?"
"Why dost Thou turn back Thy hand, Even Thy right hand? From the midst of Thy bosom remove `it'."
"And God  my king of old, Working salvation in the midst of the earth."
"Thou hast broken by Thy strength a sea-`monster', Thou hast shivered Heads of dragons by the waters,"
"Thou hast broken the heads of leviathan, Thou makest him food, For the people of the dry places."
"Thou hast cleaved a fountain and a stream, Thou hast dried up perennial flowings."
"Thine  the day, also Thine  the night, Thou hast prepared a luminary -- the sun."
"Thou hast set up all the borders of earth, Summer and winter Thou hast formed them."
"Remember this -- an enemy reproached Yahweh, And a foolish people have despised Thy name."
"Give not up to a company, The soul of Thy turtle-dove, The company of Thy poor ones forget not for ever."
"Look attentively to the covenant, For the dark places of earth, Have been full of habitations of violence."
"Let not the oppressed turn back ashamed, Let the poor and needy praise Thy name,"
"Arise, O God, plead Thy plea, Remember Thy reproach from a fool all the day."
"Forget not the voice of Thine adversaries, The noise of Thy withstanders is going up continually!"
