"An instruction, by Ethan the Ezrahite. Of the kind acts of Yahweh, to the age I sing, To all generations I make known Thy faithfulness with my mouth,"
"For I said, `To the age is kindness built, The heavens! Thou dost establish Thy faithfulness in them.'"
"I have made a covenant for My chosen, I have sworn to David My servant:"
"`Even to the age do I establish thy seed, And have built to generation and generation thy throne. Selah."
"and the heavens confess Thy wonders, O Yahweh, Thy faithfulness also  in an assembly of holy ones."
"For who in the sky, Compareth himself to Yahweh? Is like to Yahweh among sons of the mighty?"
"God is very terrible, In the secret counsel of His holy ones, And fearful over all surrounding Him."
"O Yahweh, God of Hosts, Who  like Thee -- a strong Jah? And Thy faithfulness  round about Thee."
"Thou `art' ruler over the pride of the sea, In the lifting up of its billows Thou dost restrain them."
"Thou hast bruised Rahab, as one wounded. With the arm of Thy strength Thou hast scattered Thine enemies."
"Thine `are' the heavens -- the earth also  Thine, The habitable world and its fulness, Thou hast founded them."
"North and south Thou hast appointed them, Tabor and Hermon in Thy name do sing."
"Thou hast an arm with might, Strong is Thy hand -- high Thy right hand."
"Righteousness and judgment `Are' the fixed place of Thy throne, Kindness and truth go before Thy face."
"O the happiness of the people knowing the shout, O Yahweh, in the light of Thy face they walk habitually."
"In Thy name they rejoice all the day, And in Thy righteousness they are exalted,"
"For the beauty of their strength `art' Thou, And in Thy good will is our horn exalted,"
"For of Yahweh  our shield, And of the Holy One of Israel our king."
"Then Thou hast spoken in vision, To Thy saint, yea, Thou sayest, I have placed help upon a mighty one, Exalted a chosen one out of the people,"
"I have found David My servant, With My holy oil I have anointed him."
"With whom My hand is established, My arm also doth strengthen him."
"An enemy exacteth not upon him, And a son of perverseness afflicteth him not."
"And I have beaten down before him his adversaries, And those hating him I plague,"
"And My faithfulness and kindness `are' with him, And in My name is his horn exalted."
"And I have set on the sea his hand, And on the rivers his right hand."
"He proclaimeth me: `Thou `art' my Father, My God, and the rock of my salvation.'"
"I also first-born do appoint him, Highest of the kings of the earth."
"To the age I keep for him My kindness, And My covenant  stedfast with him."
"And I have set his seed for ever, And his throne as the days of the heavens."
"If his sons forsake My law, And in My judgments do not walk;"
"If My statutes they pollute, And My commands do not keep,"
"I have looked after with a rod their transgression, And with strokes their iniquity,"
"And My kindness I break not from him, Nor do I deal falsely in My faithfulness."
"I profane not My covenant, And that which is going forth from My lips I change not."
"Once I have sworn by My holiness, I lie not to David,"
"His seed is to the age, And his throne  as the sun before Me,"
"As the moon it is established -- to the age, And the witness in the sky is stedfast. Selah."
"And Thou, Thou hast cast off, and dost reject, Thou hast shown Thyself wroth With Thine anointed,"
"Hast rejected the covenant of Thy servant, Thou hast polluted to the earth his crown,"
"Thou hast broken down all his hedges, Thou hast made his fenced places a ruin."
"Spoiled him have all passing by the way, He hath been a reproach to his neighbours,"
"Thou hast exalted the right hand of his adversaries, Thou hast caused all his enemies to rejoice."
"Also -- Thou turnest back the sharpness of his sword, And hast not established him in battle,"
"Hast caused `him' to cease from his brightness, And his throne to the earth hast cast down."
"Thou hast shortened the days of his youth, Hast covered him over `with' shame. Selah."
"Till when, O Yahweh, art Thou hidden? For ever doth Thy fury burn as fire?"
"Remember, I pray Thee, what  life-time? Wherefore in vain hast Thou created All the sons of men?"
"Who  the man that liveth, and doth not see death? He delivereth his soul from the hand of Sheol. Selah."
"Where `are' Thy former kindnesses, O Lord. Thou hast sworn to David in Thy faithfulness,"
"Remember, O Lord, the reproach of Thy servants, I have borne in my bosom all the strivings of the peoples,"
"Wherewith Thine enemies reproached, O Yahweh, Wherewith they have reproached The steps of Thine anointed."
"Blessed  Yahweh to the age. Amen, and amen!"
