"And I look, and lo, on the expanse that  above the head of the cherubs, as a sapphire stone, as the appearance of the likeness of a throne, He hath been seen over them."
"And He speaketh unto the man clothed with linen, and saith, `Go in unto the midst of the wheel, unto the place of the cherub, and fill thy hands with coals of fire from between the cherubs, and scatter over the city.' And he goeth in before mine eyes."
"And the cherubs are standing on the right side of the house, at the going in of the man, and the cloud hath filled the inner court,"
"and become high doth the honour of Yahweh above the cherub, over the threshold of the house, and the house is filled with the cloud, and the court hath been filled with the brightness of the honour of Yahweh."
"And a noise of the wings of the cherubs hath been heard unto the outer court, as the voice of God -- the Mighty One -- in His speaking."
"And it cometh to pass, in His commanding the man clothed with linen, saying, `Take fire from between the wheel, from between the cherubs,' and he goeth in and standeth near the wheel,"
"that the `one' cherub putteth forth his hand from between the cherubs unto the fire that  between the cherubs, and lifteth up, and giveth into the hands of him who is clothed with linen, and he receiveth, and cometh forth."
"And there appeareth in the cherubs the form of a hand of man under their wings,"
"and I look, and lo, four wheels near the cherubs, one wheel near the one cherub, and another wheel near the other cherub, and the appearance of the wheels  as the colour of a beryl stone."
"As to their appearances, one likeness  to them four, as it were the wheel in the midst of the wheel."
"In their going, on their four sides they go; they turn not round in their going, for to the place whither the head turneth, after it they go, they turn not round in their going."
"And all their flesh, and their backs, and their hands, and their wings, and the wheels, are full of eyes round about; to them four `are' their wheels."
"To the wheels -- to them is one calling in mine ears, `O wheel!'"
"And four faces `are' to each; the face of the one  the face of the cherub, and the face of the second the face of man, and of the third the face of a lion, and of the fourth the face of an eagle."
"And the cherubs are lifted up, it  the living creature that I saw by the river Chebar."
"And in the going of the cherubs, the wheels go beside them; and in the cherubs lifting up their wings to be high above the earth, the wheels turn not round, even they, from being beside them."
"In their standing they stand, and in their exaltation they are exalted with them: for the living spirit  in them."
"And go forth doth the honour of Yahweh from off the threshold of the house, and standeth over the cherubs,"
"and the cherubs lift up their wings, and are lifted up from the earth before mine eyes; in their going forth, the wheels also `are' over-against them, and he standeth at the opening of the east gate of the house of Yahweh, and the honour of the God of Israel  over them from above."
"It  the living creature that I saw under the God of Israel by the river Chebar, and I know that they are cherubs."
"Four faces `are' to each, and four wings to each, and the likeness of the hands of man  under their wings."
"As to the likeness of their faces, they `are' the faces that I saw by the river Chebar, their appearances and themselves; each straight forward they go."
