"And he bringeth me in unto the temple, and he measureth the posts, six cubits the breadth on this side, and six cubits the breadth on that side -- the breadth of the tent."
"And the breadth of the opening  ten cubits; and the sides of the opening `are' five cubits on this side, and five cubits on that side; and he measureth its length forty cubits, and the breadth twenty cubits."
"And he hath gone inward, and measureth the post of the opening two cubits, and the opening six cubits, and the breadth of the opening seven cubits."
"And he measureth its length twenty cubits, and the breadth twenty cubits, unto the front of the temple, and he saith unto me, `This  the holy of holies.'"
"And he measureth the wall of the house six cubits, and the breadth of the side-chamber four cubits, all round the house round about."
"And the side-chambers `are' side-chamber by side-chamber, three and thirty times; and they are entering into the wall -- which the house hath for the side-chambers all round about -- to be taken hold of, and they are not taken hold of by the wall of the house."
"And a broad place and a turning place still upwards `are' to the side-chambers, for the turning round of the house  still upwards all round about the house: therefore the breadth of the house  upwards, and so the lower one goeth up unto the higher by the midst."
"And I have looked at the house, the height all round about: the foundations of the side-chambers `are' the fulness of the reed, six cubits by the joining."
The breadth of the wall that  to the side-chamber at the outside  five cubits; and that which is left  the place of the side-chambers that `are' to the house.
"And between the chambers  a breadth of twenty cubits round about the house, all round about."
"And the opening of the side-chamber  to the place left, one opening northward, and one opening southward, and the breadth of the place that is left  five cubits all round about."
"As to the building that  at the front of the separate place `at' the corner westward, the breadth  seventy cubits, and the wall of the building five cubits broad all round about, and its length ninety cubits."
"And he hath measured the house, the length  a hundred cubits; and the separate place, and the building, and its walls, the length  a hundred cubits;"
"and the breadth of the front of the house, and of the separate place eastward, a hundred cubits."
"And he hath measured the length of the building unto the front of the separate place that  at its hinder part, and its galleries on this side and on that side, a hundred cubits, and the inner temple and the porches of the court,"
"the thresholds, and the narrow windows, and the galleries round about them three, over-against the threshold, a ceiling of wood all round about, and the ground unto the windows and the covered windows,"
"over above the opening, and unto the inner-house, and at the outside, and by all the wall all round about within and without `by' measure."
"And it is made `with' cherubs and palm-trees, and a palm-tree  between cherub and cherub, and two faces `are' to the cherub;"
"and the face of man  unto the palm-tree on this side, and the face of a young lion unto the palm-tree on that side; it is made unto all the house all round about."
"from the earth unto above the opening `are' the cherubs and the palm-trees made, and `on' the wall of the temple."
"Of the temple the side post  square, and of the front of the sanctuary, the appearance  as the appearance."
"Of the altar, the wood  three cubits in height, and its length two cubits; and its corners `are' to it, and its length, and its walls `are' of wood, and he speaketh unto me, `This  the table that  before Yahweh.'"
And two doors `are' to the temple and to the sanctuary;
"and two leaves `are' to the doors, two turning leaves `are' to the doors, two to the one door, and two leaves to the other."
"And made on them, on the doors of the temple, `are' cherubs and palm-trees as are made on the walls, and a thickness of wood  at the front of the porch on the outside."
"And narrow windows and palm-trees `are' on this side, and on that side, at the sides of the porch, and the side-chambers of the house, and the thick places."
