"And there is a word of Yahweh unto me, saying, `And thou, son of man, Thus said the Lord Yahweh to the ground of Israel:"
"An end, come hath the end on the four corners of the land."
"Now  the end unto thee, And I have sent Mine anger upon thee, And judged thee according to thy ways, And set against thee all thine abominations."
"And no pity on thee hath Mine eye, nor do I spare, For thy ways against thee I do set, And thine abominations are in thy midst, And ye have known that I `am' Yahweh."
"Thus said the Lord Yahweh: Evil, a single evil, lo, it hath come."
"An end hath come, come hath the end, It hath waked for thee, lo, it hath come."
"Come hath the morning unto thee, O inhabitant of the land! Come hath the time, near  a day of trouble, And not the shouting of mountains."
"Now, shortly I pour out My fury on thee, And have completed Mine anger against thee, And judged thee according to thy ways, And set against thee all thine abominations."
"And not pity doth Mine eye, nor do I spare, According to thy ways unto thee I give, And thine abominations are in thy midst, And ye have known that I `am' Yahweh the smiter."
"Lo, the day, lo, it hath come, Gone forth hath the morning, Blossomed hath the rod, flourished the pride."
"The violence hath risen to a rod of wickedness, There is none of them, nor of their multitude, Nor of their noise, nor is there wailing for them."
"Come hath the time, arrived hath the day, The buyer doth not rejoice, And the seller doth not become a mourner, For wrath  unto all its multitude."
"For the seller to the sold thing turneth not, And yet among the living  their life, For the vision  unto all its multitude, It doth not turn back, And none by his iniquity doth strengthen his life."
"They have blown with a trumpet to prepare the whole, And none is going to battle, For My wrath  unto all its multitude."
"The sword  without, And the pestilence and the famine within, He who is in a field by sword dieth, And he who is in a city, Famine and pestilence devour him."
"And escaped away have their fugitives, And they have been on the mountains As doves of the valleys, All of them make a noising -- each for his iniquity."
"All the hands are feeble, and all knees go -- waters."
"And they have girded on sackcloth, And covered them hath trembling, And unto all faces  shame, And on all their heads -- baldness."
"Their silver into out-places they cast, And their gold impurity becometh. Their silver and their gold is not able to deliver them, In a day of the wrath of Yahweh, Their soul they do not satisfy, And their bowels they do not fill, For the stumbling-block of their iniquity it hath been."
"As to the beauty of his ornament, For excellency He set it, And the images of their abominations, Their detestable things -- they made in it, Therefore I have given it to them for impurity,"
"And I have given it into the hand of the strangers for a prey, And to the wicked of the land for a spoil, And they have polluted it."
"And I have turned My face from them, And they have polluted My hidden place, Yea, come into it have destroyers, and polluted it."
"Make the chain; for the land Hath been full of bloody judgments, And the city hath been full of violence."
"And I have brought in the wicked of the nations, And they have possessed their houses, And I have caused to cease the excellency of the strong, And polluted have been those sanctifying them."
"Destruction hath come, And they have sought peace, and there is none."
"Mischief on mischief cometh, and report is on report, And they have sought a vision from a prophet, And law doth perish from the priest, And counsel from the elders,"
"The king doth become a mourner, And a prince putteth on desolation, And the hands of the people of the land are troubled, From their own way I deal with them, And with their own judgments I judge them, And they have known that I `am' Yahweh!'"
